Il nome della zebra

~

After a long and arduous journey I arrived at the abbey at the beginning of November, in the year of our Lord MMXXIII. Alas, my plans to browse the wealth of knowledge in the famous library were halted, due to the murder of the abbot that very morning. With the abbey in a state of disarray and confusion, I stumbled upon a series of clues that would with patience, logic, and the will of God, lead me towards the identity of the murderer among these brothers. That day of my arrival, one clue was given to me by the prior: that the killer was seen fleeing into cell number seven of the abbey's dormitories. With this knowledge, I began my investigation in the scriptorium the following day...


Day I

As the hour turned to Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Syrarnoldchirche is Brother Hernam.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Ancelm is actually the monk who hails from Glasgow.
As the hour turned to Sext I had deduced that the monk who is 108 years of age is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Lucy Filippini.
At the hour of Nones it transpired that the monk who is 374 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 174 years of age.
As the hour turned to Vespers I had deduced that the monk who is 192 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 18 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it struck me that the monk who is 334 years of age is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 112.
As the hour turned to Matins it occurred to me that the monk who is 379 years of age is the monk whose patron saint is Christina the Astonishing.
Upon Lauds I overheard a muttering that Brother Trebaldus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 327.


Day II

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it struck me that the monk who hails from Haynesburgh resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 281.
During Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Aspere resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Sava of Serbia.
During Sext it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Yaropolk Izyaslavich lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 161.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I had deduced that the monk who is 331 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 113 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Gabriel III resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Brey.
During Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 328 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 255 years of age.
Upon Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Lypp occupies the cell to the left of Brother Adrianus.
As the hour turned to Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Roch resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 11.


Day III

During Prime a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Humflewe lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 64.
As we neared the end of Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 52 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Geele.
When it became Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 137 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Folkmerssh.
As the hour turned to Nones I had deduced that Brother Matys lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Coupyr.
When it became Vespers I had deduced that the monk who is 251 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Warbote.
At the hour of Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Cajetan occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Horn.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Anne Line resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 198 years of age.
As we neared the end of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 348 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Glasgow.


Day IV

As we neared the end of Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Dertmon is actually the monk who is 207 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a brother let slip to me that Brother Kervrondus is without a doubt the monk who hails from Maughevyn.
Upon Sext it transpired that the monk who is 173 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Dest.
At the hour of Nones it transpired that the monk who is 265 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Galeyn.
At the hour of Vespers it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Alberic of Utrecht resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 89 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 135 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 235.
During Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Alexei of Russia occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 228 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Ley lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 125.


Day V

During Prime a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Wendelmot resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Antwerpe.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it occurred to me that Brother Constance resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Cajetan.
As the hour turned to Sext I had deduced that the monk who is 268 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 105 years of age.
During Nones it struck me that the monk who hails from Vyanen lives in the cell to the left of Brother Peron.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Barbatus of Benevento occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Syrarnoldchirche.
Upon Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Pere lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 172 years of age.
Upon Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 66 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Heryncallys.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was disclosed to me that Brother Garlandus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 398 years of age.


Day VI

When it became Prime a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Marguerite Marie Alacoque resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 220.
Upon Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Hunflott resides in the cell to the left of Brother Richarde.
During Sext I had deduced that the monk who hails from Roterdam occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Dyste.
As we neared the end of Nones it transpired that the monk who hails from Capell resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 24.
As the hour turned to Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Dortemond lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Calkire.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 183 is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Frances of Rome.
At the hour of Matins I had deduced that Brother Garlandus is actually the monk who is 302 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Pius V is actually Brother Glayse.


Day VII

As the hour turned to Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Mered is actually the monk who is 121 years of age.
When it became Terce I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 204 is without a doubt the monk who is 100 years of age.
Upon Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Gianna Beretta Molla is without a doubt Brother Gisbourne.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Clement of Alexandria is, in fact, the monk who is 240 years of age.
Upon Vespers a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Boniface IV is, in fact, the monk who is 327 years of age.
At the hour of Compline it struck me that the monk who is 337 years of age is without a doubt the monk who hails from Middeburgh.
As we neared the end of Matins it transpired that the monk who is 68 years of age is almost certainly Brother Severell.
At the hour of Lauds I had deduced that the monk who hails from Coupyr is the monk who is 206 years of age.


Day VIII

During Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Madeson is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Paul Miki.
When it became Terce it occurred to me that the monk who is 153 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 263 years of age.
As we neared the end of Sext it became clear that the monk who is 359 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Elber.
As the hour turned to Nones it was disclosed to me that Brother Broune lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 347 years of age.
As the hour turned to Vespers a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Congar occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 48 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Francis of Assisi lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 288 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Warrewyk lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 294.
As the hour turned to Lauds I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is John Fisher lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 99 years of age.


Day IX

During Prime I had deduced that Brother Benettyssone occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 96.
Upon Terce it struck me that the monk who hails from Kyle resides in the cell to the right of Brother Clara.
As the hour turned to Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 395 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 278 years of age.
As the hour turned to Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Warfyk lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 281.
When it became Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Beet occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Cyril III.
At the hour of Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 312 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Scoonhoma.
As we neared the end of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 194 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Howelet.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it occurred to me that Brother Ariankyn lives in the cell to the right of Brother Idonius.


Day X

As the hour turned to Prime a brother let slip to me that Brother Godson resides in the cell to the right of Brother Geretrud.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it transpired that the monk who is 177 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 75.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Busshe occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 189 years of age.
As we neared the end of Nones it transpired that the monk who hails from Bruggis lives in the cell to the right of Brother Cristiano.
As the hour turned to Vespers it became clear that the monk who hails from Westryll occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Busshe.
When it became Compline I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Innocencio of Mary Immaculate resides in the cell to the right of Brother Tetekyn.
At the hour of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 252 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 323.
When it became Lauds it transpired that the monk who is 90 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Callomen.


Day XI

As the hour turned to Prime it was disclosed to me that Brother Abel is almost certainly the monk who hails from Bruggis.
When it became Terce a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Sigeberht of East Anglia is, in fact, the monk who is 146 years of age.
Upon Sext I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Paul VI resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Mighelyng.
As the hour turned to Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 27 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Bullesward.
During Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 257 years of age is actually the monk who occupies cell 184.
During Compline it transpired that the monk who hails from Cleves is the monk who occupies cell 111.
When it became Matins I had deduced that Brother Nigel is the monk whose patron saint is Vitonus.
During Lauds a brother informed me that Brother Claus is actually the monk who occupies cell 299.


Day XII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime a brother informed me that Brother Perino is the monk who is 394 years of age.
At the hour of Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Isabell occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 199 years of age.
As the hour turned to Sext it struck me that the monk who is 115 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 32.
As the hour turned to Nones it transpired that the monk who is 342 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 300.
Upon Vespers I overheard a muttering that Brother Severell is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Desiderius of Fontenelle.
As we neared the end of Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Robarge is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 203.
At the hour of Matins it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Cortom is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 208.
During Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 43 years of age is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 246.


Day XIII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Edmund Arrowsmith occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 262.
As the hour turned to Terce it struck me that the monk who hails from Valenchienes resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Lantergia.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 377 years of age occupies the cell to the left of Brother Tibman.
During Nones it was disclosed to me that Brother Clayce occupies the cell to the left of Brother Lebyng.
During Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 341 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 41 years of age.
When it became Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Abundius occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Accon.
As we neared the end of Matins I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Seyntrowe resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 396 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Davyth occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 369 years of age.


Day XIV

Upon Prime it occurred to me that the monk who is 179 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Love.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Worecome occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 65 years of age.
When it became Sext a brother informed me that Brother Geraldus resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Tourne.
As the hour turned to Nones it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Alban occupies the cell to the left of Brother Richarde.
As we neared the end of Vespers it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Juliana Falconieri occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Gregory Palamas.
Upon Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Paulina occupies the cell to the left of Brother Verinus.
During Matins it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Olaf II of Norway resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 77.
When it became Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Abbill resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Xenia of Saint Petersburg.


Day XV

As we neared the end of Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 324 years of age lives in the cell to the left of Brother Cristoferus.
During Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Tregous resides in the cell to the left of Brother Guillims.
When it became Sext a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Lazar of Serbia lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 246 years of age.
As the hour turned to Nones a brother informed me that the monk who is 16 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Lusebet.
As the hour turned to Vespers it transpired that the monk who is 393 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 30 years of age.
At the hour of Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Edmund Arrowsmith resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Ivetot.
Upon Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is James of the Marches occupies the cell to the left of Brother Trebaldus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it occurred to me that the monk who is 191 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Edburga of Bicester.


Day XVI

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime a brother informed me that the monk who is 159 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 222.
Upon Terce it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Salvius lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 287.
As we neared the end of Sext a brother let slip to me that Brother Coret lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 76 years of age.
Upon Nones it was disclosed to me that Brother Petra occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 200.
When it became Vespers it transpired that Brother Janen occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 86.
At the hour of Compline I had deduced that Brother Idonius lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 69.
Upon Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Mastryght resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 116.
At the hour of Lauds it transpired that the monk who is 275 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Casimir.


Day XVII

During Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Seint Trudon resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Enkhusyn.
As the hour turned to Terce I had deduced that the monk who hails from Lovene occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 141 years of age.
As we neared the end of Sext it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Dominic de Guzman lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Ipcacolga.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 86 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 291.
As the hour turned to Vespers it struck me that the monk who is 38 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 277.
During Compline it struck me that Brother Albryth lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 321 years of age.
As we neared the end of Matins I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Frances of Rome lives in the cell to the left of Brother Avyse.
As we neared the end of Lauds it struck me that the monk who is 387 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 25.


Day XVIII

When it became Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Isle of Bille lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 169.
When it became Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Ameot occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 382 years of age.
Upon Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Peter Igneus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Pytte.
When it became Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Aconbourgh resides in the cell to the left of Brother Huton.
During Vespers a brother informed me that Brother Gilmote resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 99.
When it became Compline it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Simeon Mirotocivi is actually Brother Gillian.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Petroc is, in fact, the monk who is 191 years of age.
Upon Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Middeburgh is actually Brother Pasken.


Day XIX

As we neared the end of Prime it was disclosed to me that Brother Hadlour is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Cedd.
During Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Maistryk is the monk whose patron saint is Pope Paul I.
Upon Sext I overheard a muttering that Brother Lewce resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 141.
As the hour turned to Nones it became clear that the monk who hails from Tosterwyk lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Felix III.
At the hour of Vespers I had deduced that the monk who is 263 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Neot.
As the hour turned to Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Seraphim of Sarov is actually the monk who occupies cell 15.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from St Mary port is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Anselm of Canterbury.
During Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Leydon resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Salvius.


Day XX

As we neared the end of Prime I overheard a muttering that Brother Teleman is almost certainly the monk who hails from Folkmerssh.
As the hour turned to Terce it became clear that the monk who hails from Sconnehoven lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Andrei the Iconographer.
When it became Sext I had deduced that Brother Goddescalffe lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Eysteinn Erlendsson.
Upon Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Bruno of Cologne occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 371 years of age.
As the hour turned to Vespers it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Euphrosyne of Alexandria lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Botolph.
Upon Compline I had deduced that Brother Hernest is the monk who is 125 years of age.
During Matins it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 101 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Calkire.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk who occupies cell 11 is actually the monk who is 274 years of age.


Day XXI

At the hour of Prime a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Haymard is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 43.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it struck me that the monk who is 251 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Maximilian Kolbe.
When it became Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 279 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 116.
At the hour of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Brussele lives in the cell to the right of Brother Jenan.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it became clear that the monk who hails from Bria lives in the cell to the left of Brother Ariankyn.
At the hour of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Philip Benizi de Damiani occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Meroute.
During Matins it became clear that the monk who is 248 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Brendan of Birr.
Upon Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Oldechurche in Emerike resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 17 years of age.


Day XXII

When it became Prime it transpired that the monk who hails from Multiburte resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Barbatus of Benevento.
During Terce it struck me that the monk who is 107 years of age occupies the cell to the left of Brother Metheus.
During Sext I had deduced that Brother Dygyls occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 276.
As the hour turned to Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who occupies cell 334 is actually Brother Boyde.
At the hour of Vespers it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Bullesward occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 74.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it became clear that the monk who hails from Baronsam occupies the cell to the right of Brother Constance.
Upon Matins I overheard a muttering that Brother Criston resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 313 years of age.
During Lauds it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Gowgh occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 366 years of age.


Day XXIII

At the hour of Prime it occurred to me that Brother Pasken occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Marguerite Marie Alacoque.
When it became Terce a brother let slip to me that Brother Broune resides in the cell to the left of Brother Hernam.
As we neared the end of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Brussele is, in fact, the monk who is 268 years of age.
At the hour of Nones a brother let slip to me that Brother Tancarens resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Isfrid of Ratzeburg.
At the hour of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Edmund Arrowsmith is without a doubt the monk who is 278 years of age.
As the hour turned to Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 61 years of age is, in fact, the monk who hails from Seryk van Busse.
When it became Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 181 years of age is, in fact, Brother Owter.
When it became Lauds I had deduced that the monk who hails from Nymmagen occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Anianus.


Day XXIV

During Prime it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Cosmas II lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 56 years of age.
Upon Terce I had deduced that the monk who hails from Gurkeham is, in fact, the monk who is 174 years of age.
When it became Sext it became clear that the monk who hails from Horn is actually the monk who is 136 years of age.
During Nones I had deduced that the monk who hails from Seyntrowe is actually the monk who occupies cell 11.
As the hour turned to Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 90 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Simeon Mirotocivi.
Upon Compline I had deduced that the monk who is 265 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Cyril III.
When it became Matins it struck me that the monk who hails from Clife resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Gele.
Upon Lauds a brother let slip to me that Brother Geretrud occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Markelbek.


Day XXV

When it became Prime a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Jenan occupies the cell to the right of Brother Neell.
During Terce it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Pius V is without a doubt the monk who is 307 years of age.
As we neared the end of Sext it became clear that the monk who is 265 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Myleyn.
When it became Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Heryntans occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 143.
During Vespers a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Eustase lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 156 years of age.
As the hour turned to Compline a brother informed me that Brother Belisarde lives in the cell to the right of Brother Teras.
During Matins it struck me that the monk who hails from Parmarene is without a doubt Brother Boun.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 274 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Goddescalffe.


Day XXVI

As we neared the end of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who occupies cell 185 is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Peter Igneus.
At the hour of Terce it became clear that the monk who hails from Uterbek resides in the cell to the left of Brother Wymand.
As we neared the end of Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Gabrielius is actually the monk who is 352 years of age.
At the hour of Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 99 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 369 years of age.
During Vespers it struck me that Brother Gardyne is almost certainly the monk who hails from Bergyn.
As the hour turned to Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Wolfgang of Regensburg resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 389 years of age.
When it became Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 388 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Bruges.
As we neared the end of Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 138 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 230 years of age.


Day XXVII

Upon Prime it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Frances Cabrini lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 253 years of age.
At the hour of Terce it occurred to me that the monk who occupies cell 164 is the monk who is 113 years of age.
When it became Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Sergius of Valaam lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Vans.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother let slip to me that Brother Nicholos is the monk who hails from Juliers.
As we neared the end of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Leo IV resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 340 years of age.
As we neared the end of Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Varvara Yakovleva is actually Brother Gabrielius.
Upon Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 59 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Ludolph of Ratzeburg.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who is 298 years of age lives in the cell to the left of Brother Andy.


Day XXVIII

At the hour of Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Haghen lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 381 years of age.
As the hour turned to Terce I had deduced that the monk who hails from Berney resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 289 years of age.
Upon Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 314 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 287 years of age.
As we neared the end of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is James of the Marches is without a doubt the monk who is 215 years of age.
During Vespers I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 247 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Triovile.
At the hour of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Harbfilde resides in the cell to the right of Brother Adrianus.
During Matins it became clear that the monk who is 298 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 206.
As we neared the end of Lauds a brother informed me that Brother Alcia occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Cynllo.


Day XXIX

As the hour turned to Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Cyril II lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 113.
At the hour of Terce it occurred to me that the monk who is 394 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 225.
When it became Sext it occurred to me that the monk who is 372 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Boon.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it struck me that Brother Elyot occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Beverwike.
As we neared the end of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Lypp resides in the cell to the right of Brother Yngilbryght.
At the hour of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Cleves lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Brey.
At the hour of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Jocen occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 166 years of age.
Upon Lauds it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Ubald resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 311 years of age.


Day XXX

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I had deduced that the monk who is 115 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 94 years of age.
As the hour turned to Terce it became clear that the monk who hails from Worecome is without a doubt the monk who is 354 years of age.
As the hour turned to Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Piran is the monk who hails from Hassell.
During Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Rotturdame lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 236 years of age.
When it became Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Heyse lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Desiderius of Vienne.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it struck me that the monk who hails from Douseburgh lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Seaxburh of Ely.
Upon Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Alkemar lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Johannes Karhapää.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds a brother let slip to me that Brother Jakelyn is without a doubt the monk who hails from Sherbroke.


Day XXXI

During Prime it transpired that Brother Nicholaa occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 157.
As we neared the end of Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Anthony the Great occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Goelk.
During Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Teras occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Arenam on Gylderland.
At the hour of Nones a brother let slip to me that Brother Mankeheyn occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 211 years of age.
As we neared the end of Vespers it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Francis of Assisi resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Valenciennes.
As we neared the end of Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 25 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Burgos.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I had deduced that Brother Armanno resides in the cell to the right of Brother Ciprian.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Lese resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 204.


Day XXXII

When it became Prime it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Nicholas of Japan occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 297 years of age.
As we neared the end of Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Serixse lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 191.
During Sext I had deduced that the monk who hails from Mountseynt Gertrude resides in the cell to the right of Brother Arthus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 238 is, in fact, the monk who is 56 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Arris lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Frances Cabrini.
When it became Compline a brother informed me that the monk who is 49 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 267 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 180 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 333 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds I had deduced that the monk who is 238 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Cyril III.


Day XXXIII

During Prime a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Houtstrat resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 92.
Upon Terce a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Humphrey occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 381 years of age.
Upon Sext I had deduced that the monk who hails from Mountseynt Gertrude is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 256.
During Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Edmund Arrowsmith occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Sevenbargh.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it occurred to me that Brother Damyan occupies the cell to the right of Brother Sabina.
When it became Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Nemek is the monk who is 175 years of age.
As the hour turned to Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Bullesward is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 73.
As we neared the end of Lauds a brother informed me that Brother Halowyn is the monk whose patron saint is Chrysanthus.


Day XXXIV

As the hour turned to Prime it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Naum of Preslav occupies the cell to the right of Brother Gillian.
Upon Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 30 is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Lucy Filippini.
As the hour turned to Sext it struck me that the monk who is 23 years of age is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 186.
As we neared the end of Nones it became clear that Brother Combe resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 116 years of age.
As we neared the end of Vespers I had deduced that the monk who is 169 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 26 years of age.
As the hour turned to Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 300 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Kea.
During Matins I had deduced that Brother Vinsencius resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 83 years of age.
During Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Makelyn lives in the cell to the right of Brother Borgar.


Day XXXV

At the hour of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Colon occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 208.
When it became Terce I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Adeodatus I is, in fact, the monk who hails from Maghell.
During Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Fidelis of Sigmarengen lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 107.
As the hour turned to Nones it became clear that the monk who hails from Colon resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Innocencio of Mary Immaculate.
Upon Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Abia lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Myleyn.
As we neared the end of Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Northorne occupies the cell to the right of Brother Albryth.
At the hour of Matins a brother informed me that Brother Ciprian occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Didymus the Blind.
As we neared the end of Lauds it transpired that Brother Monyng lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Pius I.


Day XXXVI

Upon Prime it became clear that the monk who is 57 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Hormisdas.
As the hour turned to Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Gaspar del Bufalo lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 330.
During Sext it occurred to me that the monk who is 41 years of age is, in fact, the monk who hails from Makelyn.
When it became Nones it transpired that the monk who hails from Sirekse resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 202.
As we neared the end of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 110 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Warreveck.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it transpired that the monk who is 373 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 251.
When it became Matins a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Dietrich Bonhoeffer resides in the cell to the right of Brother Nannynge.
As we neared the end of Lauds it became clear that the monk who hails from Modena is, in fact, Brother Brother.


Day XXXVII

Upon Prime I had deduced that the monk who is 267 years of age is almost certainly the monk who hails from Nymmagen.
As the hour turned to Terce I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Nuno de Santa Maria Álvares Pereira is without a doubt the monk who hails from Horn.
When it became Sext I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Joseph Freinademetz occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Eustathius.
When it became Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 355 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Ivetot.
When it became Vespers it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Faustina resides in the cell to the right of Brother Hanekin.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Ansgar resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Adrian III.
When it became Matins it became clear that the monk who is 48 years of age is without a doubt Brother Madeson.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Brysell lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 97 years of age.


Day XXXVIII

During Prime it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Alexander Schmorell occupies the cell to the right of Brother Wahawyn.
As the hour turned to Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Gwillam resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Pere.
As we neared the end of Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 266 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Calkire.
As we neared the end of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 356 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Peter Chanel.
As the hour turned to Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Damien of Molokai resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Anthony.
As the hour turned to Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 77 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 177.
When it became Matins it was disclosed to me that Brother Salvator is actually the monk who is 240 years of age.
During Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Hasselt is actually the monk who occupies cell 2.


Day XXXIX

As the hour turned to Prime it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Raphael Kalinowski lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 89 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce I had deduced that the monk who hails from Sertyngbush is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 27.
As we neared the end of Sext a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Izambarde is almost certainly the monk who hails from Tourne.
During Nones a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Dordreght is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Abib.
When it became Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Geele lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 44 years of age.
During Compline a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Tyrrye resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 267.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Edwin of Northumbria occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Berney.
As the hour turned to Lauds it transpired that the monk who hails from Flardyng is Brother Cruys.


Day XL

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it struck me that the monk who hails from Donblayn lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 183.
As we neared the end of Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Apollonia occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 338.
At the hour of Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Hazeka occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Sundurt.
As we neared the end of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Sherbroke resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 110 years of age.
As the hour turned to Vespers I overheard a muttering that Brother Pancracius is the monk whose patron saint is Werburgh.
As we neared the end of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Hedwig of Andechs lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Brekebacke.
During Matins it struck me that Brother Maticius resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Valenchienes.
At the hour of Lauds it struck me that Brother Maxillo is actually the monk whose patron saint is Faustus.


Day XLI

As we neared the end of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Bermeu lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 354 years of age.
At the hour of Terce I had deduced that the monk who is 322 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Leke by Newport.
During Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 314 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 19.
When it became Nones a brother let slip to me that Brother Coppyn resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Hewesdon.
When it became Vespers I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Mauglyn lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Rose of Lima.
At the hour of Compline a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Northgerholt lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Accon.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it was disclosed to me that Brother Haut is almost certainly the monk who hails from Leffyng.
As we neared the end of Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 161 is actually the monk whose patron saint is Ivo of Kermartin.


Day XLII

When it became Prime I had deduced that the monk who hails from Houtstrat is actually the monk who is 248 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Birinus is without a doubt the monk who is 193 years of age.
During Sext it transpired that the monk who is 320 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Boun.
Upon Nones it transpired that the monk who hails from Dordreght is, in fact, the monk who is 58 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it became clear that the monk who hails from Geale lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 159.
Upon Compline I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Johannes Karhapää lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 251.
During Matins I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 112 is actually the monk whose patron saint is Bruno of Querfurt.
At the hour of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 148 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Genesius of Clermont.


Day XLIII

At the hour of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Józef Bilczewski is without a doubt the monk who is 111 years of age.
Upon Terce a brother informed me that Brother Gelet is, in fact, the monk who is 232 years of age.
When it became Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Hazeka is actually Brother Geret.
Upon Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 86 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Piran.
When it became Vespers it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Naum of Preslav is without a doubt the monk who is 262 years of age.
Upon Compline it occurred to me that Brother Gilmote is without a doubt the monk who hails from Dyse.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Ninian occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 207 years of age.
Upon Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 178 years of age is, in fact, Brother Gilmote.


Day XLIV

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 278 years of age is actually Brother Marian.
As we neared the end of Terce a brother let slip to me that Brother Reukinus resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Varvara Yakovleva.
When it became Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Outright lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 20.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it occurred to me that Brother Boyde is, in fact, the monk who is 259 years of age.
When it became Vespers it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 183 is actually the monk who is 114 years of age.
Upon Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Or of Nitria occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Severinus of Noricum.
As we neared the end of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Pio of Pietrelcina lives in the cell to the left of Brother Linus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Heynesbury lives in the cell to the left of Brother Lune.


Day XLV

During Prime it occurred to me that Brother Damyan lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Leyword.
During Terce it became clear that the monk who occupies cell 217 is, in fact, the monk who is 163 years of age.
As we neared the end of Sext it became clear that the monk who hails from Magheleyn is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 99.
Upon Nones it struck me that the monk who hails from Nemegan occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Olga of Kiev.
During Vespers I had deduced that Brother Albryth occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 146 years of age.
When it became Compline I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Lutgardis occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Arenam on Gylderland.
Upon Matins I overheard a muttering that Brother Jakelyn is actually the monk who is 146 years of age.
During Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Isabel of France resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Parmarene.


Day XLVI

At the hour of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Falkenborowe is the monk who occupies cell 9.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a brother informed me that the monk who is 65 years of age is Brother Colect.
As we neared the end of Sext it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Adomnán resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Maximus the Confessor.
Upon Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Gereon is without a doubt the monk who hails from Almkirk.
During Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Ipcacolga occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 299.
Upon Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 355 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Vidal.
Upon Matins it became clear that the monk who is 184 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Dertmon.
During Lauds it struck me that Brother Downe occupies the cell to the right of Brother Coppyn.


Day XLVII

Upon Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 33 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Christina the Astonishing.
Upon Terce a brother informed me that Brother Deve lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 27 years of age.
Upon Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Apollo lives in the cell to the right of Brother Fuk.
When it became Nones a brother informed me that the monk who is 341 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Alpinus.
During Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Paul Miki lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Felix.
As the hour turned to Compline it became clear that the monk who hails from Hunflott resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 387 years of age.
Upon Matins I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Dyse resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 121 years of age.
As we neared the end of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Johnson resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Anthony Mary Claret.


Day XLVIII

At the hour of Prime I had deduced that the monk who is 168 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 80 years of age.
When it became Terce it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Thérèse of Lisieux is actually Brother Deneys.
When it became Sext a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Adrianus is the monk who is 340 years of age.
As we neared the end of Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Catald resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Mountbrake.
When it became Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is King Charles the Martyr resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 201.
When it became Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Ciarán of Saighir lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Catherine of Ricci.
At the hour of Matins I had deduced that Brother Gisbright occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Mastryght.
When it became Lauds I had deduced that Brother Othildore occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Selyske.


Day XLIX

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Harlan resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 312.
During Terce a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Valensyn occupies the cell to the right of Brother Idonia.
As we neared the end of Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Sevynbergh lives in the cell to the left of Brother Retkyn.
During Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 322 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 179.
At the hour of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Maria Crocifissa di Rosa lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 261 years of age.
At the hour of Compline it occurred to me that Brother Surleonus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Harlan.
As the hour turned to Matins I had deduced that the monk who hails from Serixse lives in the cell to the right of Brother Bartramus.
As we neared the end of Lauds it struck me that the monk who is 237 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Sava of Serbia.


Day L

During Prime a brother informed me that the monk who is 376 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Apollo.
Upon Terce it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Xenia of Saint Petersburg lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Eustase.
As the hour turned to Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 388 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Giovanni Battista Scalabrini.
At the hour of Nones it struck me that the monk who is 361 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 132 years of age.
Upon Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Glasgow lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Sclusse.
Upon Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Bernard Due Van Vo lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Glasgow.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who occupies cell 346 is the monk who is 375 years of age.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Catherine of Alexandria is the monk who hails from Love.


Day LI

As we neared the end of Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Mountbrake resides in the cell to the right of Brother Criston.
As the hour turned to Terce it transpired that Brother Baldy resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 83.
As the hour turned to Sext I had deduced that Brother Crunus is actually the monk who is 293 years of age.
During Nones I had deduced that Brother Jacket resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 136 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it struck me that Brother Richarde occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 329 years of age.
When it became Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Gallicanus occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Nalewyk.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it was disclosed to me that Brother Harbertus lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 19 years of age.
When it became Lauds it struck me that Brother Bowen lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 242.


Day LII

As we neared the end of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 127 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 119 years of age.
During Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Isaac of Nineveh lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 56.
As the hour turned to Sext I had deduced that Brother Jacomyne is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 254.
Upon Nones a brother informed me that Brother Nannynge lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Brioc.
During Vespers a brother informed me that Brother Howelet occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 103 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it transpired that Brother Theodoric occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 271.
Upon Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 143 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Pope Gabriel V.
As we neared the end of Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Herlem is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 234.


Day LIII

Upon Prime it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Severinus of Noricum is without a doubt the monk who hails from Westersubburgh.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it transpired that the monk who hails from Doredreght occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Dioscorus.
As the hour turned to Sext I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Agapitus I resides in the cell to the left of Brother Amyot.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Petra lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Tosterwyk.
As we neared the end of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Chirbourgh lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Gorecom.
When it became Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Paul I resides in the cell to the right of Brother Counce.
As we neared the end of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Emmeram of Regensburg occupies the cell to the left of Brother Hadlour.
As the hour turned to Lauds it occurred to me that the monk who is 159 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 234 years of age.


Day LIV

When it became Prime it became clear that the monk who hails from Mered lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Leo the Great.
As we neared the end of Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Hormisdas occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Scorle.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 138 is without a doubt the monk who is 72 years of age.
As the hour turned to Nones I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 147 is Brother Godiscalf.
At the hour of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from St Calonia resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 363 years of age.
At the hour of Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Philip Benizi de Damiani is the monk who occupies cell 300.
At the hour of Matins it struck me that the monk who is 254 years of age lives in the cell to the left of Brother Richarde.
During Lauds it occurred to me that Brother Peram resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Brigid of Kildare.


Day LV

During Prime it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Abib occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 307 years of age.
When it became Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Bewesyn is the monk who occupies cell 53.
At the hour of Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Jayn resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Edinborough.
When it became Nones it became clear that the monk who hails from Skluse is without a doubt the monk who is 364 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it struck me that Brother Cruys is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Catherine of Ricci.
As the hour turned to Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is John Cantius is the monk who hails from Dergowe.
Upon Matins it struck me that Brother Dunstan lives in the cell to the left of Brother Anastas.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it transpired that the monk who hails from Herlem lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Symmachus.


Day LVI

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 73 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Joseph Freinademetz.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Anaunt is actually Brother Harald.
When it became Sext a brother let slip to me that Brother Batyn lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Sherbroke.
When it became Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Sabeyn occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Welde.
As we neared the end of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Berwe uppon Some resides in the cell to the left of Brother Haut.
As the hour turned to Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Bonet is the monk who occupies cell 122.
As we neared the end of Matins it struck me that the monk who hails from Cuthocke lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 29 years of age.
Upon Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Ludolph of Ratzeburg lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 378 years of age.


Day LVII

As the hour turned to Prime it was disclosed to me that Brother Isoda occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 3.
Upon Terce a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Isidore the Laborer occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Shortogenbusche.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it became clear that Brother Beet occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 289.
Upon Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 22 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Catherine Laboure.
As we neared the end of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Hanekin occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 113 years of age.
When it became Compline a brother informed me that Brother Crimsta lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Anastasius of Alexandria.
During Matins a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Petroc occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 348 years of age.
As we neared the end of Lauds it occurred to me that the monk who is 45 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Retkyn.


Day LVIII

As the hour turned to Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Uden lives in the cell to the left of Brother Monyng.
As we neared the end of Terce it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Cettin is actually the monk who hails from Romersdale.
As we neared the end of Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who occupies cell 295 is without a doubt Brother Nicasius.
Upon Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 97 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Stephen III of Moldavia.
As the hour turned to Vespers it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Brendan of Birr is the monk who is 349 years of age.
During Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Gelasius I resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Aphrahat.
When it became Matins it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Leyshowete lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 50 years of age.
When it became Lauds it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Zosimas of Palestine occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 374 years of age.


Day LIX

At the hour of Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 235 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 36.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it transpired that the monk who hails from Scoonhoma is Brother Tebott.
During Sext it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Florentina resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Rhone.
As the hour turned to Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Candidus occupies the cell to the left of Brother Wacot.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it became clear that Brother Dederik resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Coldyngham.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Symmachus resides in the cell to the right of Brother Dunstan.
When it became Matins it became clear that Brother Lionellus lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Doredreght.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Kymperley resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Campe.


Day LX

Upon Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Balyngham resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Leodegar of Autun.
At the hour of Terce a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Seynt Troy resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Neot.
When it became Sext it occurred to me that the monk who is 65 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Photios of Constantinople.
As we neared the end of Nones it struck me that the monk who hails from Maistryk resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 276.
As the hour turned to Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Benedetta Cambiagio Frassinello resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Isle of Bille.
Upon Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 239 years of age is without a doubt Brother Brews.
When it became Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 145 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Turnoet.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Elisabeth of Hungary lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Osyth.


Day LXI

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Salonius lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 55.
As the hour turned to Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Mountseynt Gertrude resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 186 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Anselm of Canterbury resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 243.
As we neared the end of Nones it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Abundius lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Ivo of Kermartin.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 94 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Chio.
At the hour of Compline it transpired that Brother Gillelmus occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Lesewe.
When it became Matins it transpired that the monk who is 350 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Bruges.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Feckam lives in the cell to the right of Brother Garbrond.


Day LXII

As we neared the end of Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Peregrine Laziosi occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Simon the Tanner.
At the hour of Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 390 years of age occupies the cell to the left of Brother Jacket.
When it became Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Chonettus resides in the cell to the right of Brother Daniel.
Upon Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 32 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 294.
As we neared the end of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Enkhusyn lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Christina the Astonishing.
At the hour of Compline a brother informed me that the monk who is 192 years of age resides in the cell to the right of Brother Guyliam.
During Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Lovene occupies the cell to the right of Brother Bolkyn.
At the hour of Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 370 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Yper.


Day LXIII

As the hour turned to Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 120 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Anselm of Canterbury.
At the hour of Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 364 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Abvyle.
During Sext it struck me that the monk who hails from Haymard occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 44.
When it became Nones it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Bonaventure of Bagnoregio lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 222 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it struck me that the monk who hails from Bria occupies the cell to the right of Brother Warbote.
When it became Compline it occurred to me that Brother Ebertus resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 344 years of age.
During Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Coret lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 226 years of age.
When it became Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Baronsam resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Daniel Comboni.


Day LXIV

Upon Prime it struck me that the monk who hails from Abvyle occupies the cell to the left of Brother Ranlof.
Upon Terce it became clear that Brother Regenidum occupies the cell to the left of Brother Fowkys.
When it became Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Antoine Daniel resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 390 years of age.
At the hour of Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Johannes Karhapää is without a doubt Brother Jenycot.
As the hour turned to Vespers it occurred to me that the monk who is 319 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Saethryth.
During Compline I overheard a muttering that Brother Coppyn is, in fact, the monk who hails from Seville.
As the hour turned to Matins it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pyr resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Leander of Seville.
As the hour turned to Lauds I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 307 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Hampstede.


Day LXV

Upon Prime I had deduced that Brother Cristiano is, in fact, the monk who is 263 years of age.
During Terce a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Egbart is, in fact, the monk who is 69 years of age.
Upon Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Chad of Mercia lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 323.
As the hour turned to Nones it struck me that Brother Leudowicus is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 1.
As the hour turned to Vespers it struck me that the monk who is 183 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 338 years of age.
At the hour of Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 329 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Nymmagen.
During Matins I had deduced that Brother Chonettus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Hampstede.
Upon Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Alpmare lives in the cell to the left of Brother Eteyn.


Day LXVI

When it became Prime it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 2 is actually the monk whose patron saint is Arnulf of Metz.
As we neared the end of Terce it struck me that the monk who hails from Nalewyk is the monk who occupies cell 125.
As we neared the end of Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Nodius is the monk whose patron saint is Gaudentius of Ossero.
Upon Nones it struck me that the monk who hails from Seville is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Abraham of Smolensk.
Upon Vespers a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Turibius of Mongrovejo occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Boniface.
During Compline a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Gillian resides in the cell to the left of Brother Hisbrand.
During Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Angela Merici lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 121.
During Lauds it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Anna occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from St Calonia.


Day LXVII

As the hour turned to Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Hosedenne occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Rabanus Maurus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce I had deduced that Brother Christianne occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Benedetta Cambiagio Frassinello.
As we neared the end of Sext it became clear that Brother Jenkyn occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Euphrasia Eluvathingal.
As we neared the end of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Cleves resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 112.
Upon Vespers I overheard a muttering that Brother Janen occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 243 years of age.
During Compline it was disclosed to me that Brother Deve resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Olaf II of Norway.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Edwin of Northumbria is Brother Nicholos.
As the hour turned to Lauds it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Gabriel of Our Lady of Sorrows lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Desiderius of Fontenelle.


Day LXVIII

When it became Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 390 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 397 years of age.
As the hour turned to Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Ursula Julia Ledochowska occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Hosedenne.
Upon Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who occupies cell 255 is without a doubt Brother Arthus.
As we neared the end of Nones it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Juan Diego is without a doubt Brother Ailbright.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it occurred to me that the monk who is 232 years of age is actually the monk who occupies cell 178.
At the hour of Compline I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is The Venerable Bede is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 338.
Upon Matins I had deduced that the monk who is 254 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Durlan.
As the hour turned to Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Merstreght lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 322 years of age.


Day LXIX

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I overheard a muttering that Brother Cesson resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 41.
As the hour turned to Terce a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Westersubburgh resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Heyght upon the Hill.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Alexander Schmorell lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Newhavon.
As we neared the end of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 67 years of age occupies the cell to the left of Brother Linus.
Upon Vespers a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 87 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Brydge.
Upon Compline it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 215 is almost certainly the monk who is 359 years of age.
When it became Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Bergeyn is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 326.
When it became Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 309 is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Frideswide.


Day LXX

When it became Prime it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Lony lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Maistryk.
When it became Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Merstreght lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 180.
At the hour of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 37 years of age is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Alexander Schmorell.
As we neared the end of Nones it occurred to me that the monk who occupies cell 211 is almost certainly the monk who hails from Galyardboyes.
During Vespers it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 102 is actually the monk who hails from Sayes.
Upon Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Nalewyk is the monk whose patron saint is Joseph Freinademetz.
As the hour turned to Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Dominic de Guzman resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Leopold Mandić.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Mered is the monk who occupies cell 97.


Day LXXI

As the hour turned to Prime it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Nikolai of Žica is the monk who hails from Thurpp.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it became clear that Brother Kervrondus lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 173.
As we neared the end of Sext a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Hubertus is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 181.
At the hour of Nones it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Camillus de Lellis is without a doubt Brother Jenan.
When it became Vespers it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 183 is actually the monk who hails from Dyntere.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 129 years of age is almost certainly Brother Dygyls.
During Matins it occurred to me that the monk who is 251 years of age is, in fact, the monk who hails from Juburke.
At the hour of Lauds it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Beawve resides in the cell to the right of Brother Gisbourne.


Day LXXII

During Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Igor of Russia resides in the cell to the right of Brother Severell.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it transpired that Brother Gysbrand lives in the cell to the right of Brother Tibman.
As we neared the end of Sext a brother informed me that the monk who occupies cell 220 is actually the monk whose patron saint is Lambert of Maastricht.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I had deduced that the monk who is 366 years of age is almost certainly Brother Wendelmot.
As the hour turned to Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 53 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Anthony.
As we neared the end of Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 54 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Warfyk.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it occurred to me that Brother Greta resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Isle of Bille.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Abib is actually Brother Gartrout.


Day LXXIII

As we neared the end of Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Joseph Vaz is without a doubt Brother Cesson.
Upon Terce it occurred to me that Brother Mankeheyn is actually the monk who is 192 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Oudekirk by Cologne resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 253 years of age.
As we neared the end of Nones it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Xenia the Righteous of Rome resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 127 years of age.
As the hour turned to Vespers it transpired that the monk who hails from Brussels is, in fact, Brother Armanno.
During Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Brendan of Birr is actually Brother Gisebourne.
When it became Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Caesarius of Arles occupies the cell to the right of Brother Gelet.
When it became Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Selyske is actually the monk who occupies cell 20.


Day LXXIV

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 209 is the monk whose patron saint is Hedwig of Andechs.
Upon Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Gregory Palamas is actually the monk who occupies cell 234.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Corbye occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 33.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Lambert of Maastricht resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 39 years of age.
During Vespers it was disclosed to me that Brother Tancarens is almost certainly the monk who hails from Capell.
At the hour of Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Desiderius of Vienne is Brother Alcia.
Upon Matins it transpired that the monk who is 224 years of age is actually Brother Jacomyne.
When it became Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Mainardus is, in fact, the monk who is 144 years of age.


Day LXXV

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it was disclosed to me that Brother Avyse is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 184.
When it became Terce it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Matthew I of Alexandria occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 100 years of age.
At the hour of Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Harbfilde occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 106.
When it became Nones I had deduced that Brother Elber lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Nyvile.
At the hour of Vespers it struck me that Brother Boon is almost certainly the monk who hails from Brey.
As we neared the end of Compline a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Howsenbrige bishopric is without a doubt the monk who is 79 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a brother let slip to me that Brother Gwydo occupies the cell to the right of Brother Yngilbryght.
As we neared the end of Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 17 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Kyle.


Day LXXVI

Upon Prime it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 98 is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Kinga of Poland.
When it became Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Werte resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Antwerpe.
Upon Sext it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is John Fisher lives in the cell to the left of Brother Joke.
As the hour turned to Nones it transpired that the monk who is 271 years of age lives in the cell to the right of Brother Nelkyn.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Piran resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Abib.
At the hour of Compline I had deduced that the monk who hails from Bergeyn lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 325.
As the hour turned to Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Keteryke lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Marcellin Champagnat.
When it became Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Remerswell is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Teresa de los Andes.


Day LXXVII

When it became Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 373 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 50 years of age.
As we neared the end of Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Lambartus occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 44 years of age.
As we neared the end of Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 63 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Geale.
During Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Juliers occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 266.
As we neared the end of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Nicholas of Tolentino lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Teyll.
At the hour of Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Simplicius lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 176.
When it became Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 239 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 95.
At the hour of Lauds it occurred to me that the monk who is 47 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Brunesweke.


Day LXXVIII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Abvyle resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 379 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Gianna Beretta Molla lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Angela Merici.
Upon Sext it became clear that Brother Gilmot resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 12.
As we neared the end of Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Galyardboyes lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Swolle.
During Vespers it struck me that the monk who hails from Lumyn occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Dest.
During Compline it transpired that the monk who is 139 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Maurice.
When it became Matins it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Haymard occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 293 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds I had deduced that the monk who is 149 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Christina the Astonishing.


Day LXXIX

Upon Prime I had deduced that the monk who is 34 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 400 years of age.
At the hour of Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 127 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Maystery.
During Sext it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 343 is, in fact, Brother Folk.
At the hour of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 336 is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Sigeberht of East Anglia.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 369 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 126.
During Compline I had deduced that the monk who is 34 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Alpmare.
When it became Matins it transpired that the monk who is 391 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 223.
As we neared the end of Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 128 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Vidal.


Day LXXX

At the hour of Prime it occurred to me that Brother Maticius is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Frances of Rome.
As the hour turned to Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 269 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Pharo.
During Sext a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Clement of Alexandria lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Elizabeth Ann Seton.
Upon Nones a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Herlem occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 235.
Upon Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 161 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 152 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Isidore the Laborer lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Robert Bellarmine.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it became clear that Brother Dirkes occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 31.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Suard resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Adeodatus I.


Day LXXXI

At the hour of Prime I overheard a muttering that Brother Marion resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Caranton.
When it became Terce a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Abraham of Smolensk resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Herman of Alaska.
As we neared the end of Sext it struck me that Brother Pernella occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Beverle.
Upon Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 107 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Keteryke.
As we neared the end of Vespers it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Worecome is the monk whose patron saint is Adelaide of Italy.
As the hour turned to Compline a brother informed me that Brother Helgych lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 292.
As we neared the end of Matins it struck me that Brother Rumkyn occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Hatton.
At the hour of Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who occupies cell 120 is actually the monk who hails from St Calonia.


Day LXXXII

Upon Prime a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Shedam resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 398 years of age.
At the hour of Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Erbin is without a doubt the monk who hails from Feckam.
During Sext I had deduced that the monk who hails from Myleyn lives in the cell to the right of Brother Jowet.
During Nones I overheard a muttering that Brother Nigel occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 222 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Pyr is without a doubt Brother Vaceto.
As the hour turned to Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Aconbourgh lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Bernardo Tolomei.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Pernella is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Dominic de la Calzada.
Upon Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Neagoe Basarab occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 22 years of age.


Day LXXXIII

During Prime it became clear that the monk who is 283 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Genevieve.
As we neared the end of Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Petra resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is King Charles the Martyr.
At the hour of Sext it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Józef Bilczewski lives in the cell to the right of Brother Owter.
As we neared the end of Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Genevieve is almost certainly the monk who hails from Landerno.
During Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Congar occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 187.
During Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Tidemann resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 238.
As we neared the end of Matins it occurred to me that Brother Jenkyn occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Thurpp.
When it became Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 54 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Barean.


Day LXXXIV

Upon Prime I had deduced that the monk who hails from Harlan lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 310.
As we neared the end of Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 332 is almost certainly Brother Artis.
When it became Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Galeyn is without a doubt the monk who is 306 years of age.
At the hour of Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Giovanni Battista Scalabrini lives in the cell to the right of Brother Jocen.
When it became Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 231 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Farrey.
As the hour turned to Compline it became clear that Brother Goskyn resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 97 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Clife is almost certainly the monk who is 172 years of age.
When it became Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 39 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Werte.


Day LXXXV

As we neared the end of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 288 is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Salvius.
During Terce it occurred to me that the monk who is 198 years of age is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Simon the Tanner.
During Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 394 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Mastryce.
As the hour turned to Nones a certain monk confessed to me that Brother OIiver is without a doubt the monk who hails from Callomen.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Berwe uppon Some is Brother Lewce.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 308 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Burgos.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it became clear that the monk who is 183 years of age is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Pope Leo IV.
As we neared the end of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Peter of Pappacarbone lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 153.


Day LXXXVI

As the hour turned to Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 252 years of age is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 324.
Upon Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Snory resides in the cell to the left of Brother Ciprian.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext I had deduced that Brother Sabina occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 33.
Upon Nones it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Ignatius Loyola resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 273 years of age.
During Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Wilfrid of Ripon resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Hark.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it became clear that the monk who hails from Leyn occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Maughevyn.
As the hour turned to Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Gisbourne occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from St Calonia.
When it became Lauds it became clear that Brother Boyde resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 124 years of age.


Day LXXXVII

When it became Prime it occurred to me that the monk who occupies cell 219 is Brother Nele.
As we neared the end of Terce it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Magdalene of Nagasaki occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 122.
As the hour turned to Sext I overheard a muttering that Brother Severell resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Durdraght.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Abundius lives in the cell to the right of Brother Otbrouston.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Harbertus lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 257.
At the hour of Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Barbatus of Benevento occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 15.
At the hour of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Kinga of Poland lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 99.
Upon Lauds it struck me that Brother Surleonus lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 189 years of age.


Day LXXXVIII

As we neared the end of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Alexander of Alexandria lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Gunther of Bohemia.
Upon Terce it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Symeon Metaphrastes resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Midelburgh.
As the hour turned to Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from St Germayn in Gallart lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Halham.
During Nones a brother let slip to me that Brother Josceline resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 177.
As we neared the end of Vespers it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 230 is actually the monk whose patron saint is Gaudentius of Ossero.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it occurred to me that the monk who is 40 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 51.
When it became Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Sentroye resides in the cell to the left of Brother Peram.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it transpired that the monk who hails from Bewevers lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Anehand.


Day LXXXIX

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 236 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 169.
As we neared the end of Terce it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Pierre Borie occupies the cell to the right of Brother Dygyls.
At the hour of Sext it transpired that Brother Fowkys lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 81.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother informed me that the monk who occupies cell 274 is without a doubt Brother Counce.
When it became Vespers I had deduced that Brother Johnson is actually the monk who hails from Bargys upon Some.
As we neared the end of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Isaac of Nineveh is without a doubt Brother OIiver.
Upon Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 204 years of age is the monk who occupies cell 266.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Rose Venerini lives in the cell to the right of Brother Egbart.


Day XC

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Abban of Magheranoidhe is almost certainly the monk who hails from Mountbrake.
Upon Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 260 is, in fact, the monk who is 330 years of age.
When it became Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 63 years of age is, in fact, Brother Garrert.
As we neared the end of Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Job of Pochayiv resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Pelde.
At the hour of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Teresa de los Andes is without a doubt the monk who is 400 years of age.
As the hour turned to Compline it transpired that the monk who hails from Weort resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Sergius of Radonezh.
When it became Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Heynesbury lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 144.
During Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is William of Perth resides in the cell to the right of Brother Lionellus.


Day XCI

When it became Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Dergowe resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Craunton.
Upon Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 160 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Anehand.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Gerard Majella resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 149.
At the hour of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Valensyn resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 67 years of age.
When it became Vespers it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Aphrodisius lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 284 years of age.
As we neared the end of Compline it struck me that Brother Gilberson resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 373 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Robarge resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 65 years of age.
Upon Lauds I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Emmeram of Regensburg resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 155 years of age.


Day XCII

As we neared the end of Prime a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Hethyngtonger resides in the cell to the right of Brother Peron.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce I had deduced that Brother Odier lives in the cell to the right of Brother Ancelm.
As the hour turned to Sext it became clear that Brother Goodleff resides in the cell to the right of Brother Clara.
During Nones it struck me that the monk who is 151 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Joseph Vaz.
As the hour turned to Vespers a brother informed me that the monk who is 85 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Breckbeck.
When it became Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Anthony occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 94.
Upon Matins I had deduced that Brother Cristyn occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 84 years of age.
As we neared the end of Lauds it transpired that the monk who hails from Hamyll lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 134.


Day XCIII

At the hour of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Columba resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Heryntans.
As the hour turned to Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk who occupies cell 271 is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Alexander Schmorell.
At the hour of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Bria occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Zosimas of Palestine.
As we neared the end of Nones it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Juliana of Lazarevo lives in the cell to the right of Brother Jonch.
As the hour turned to Vespers it was disclosed to me that Brother Guyliam is actually the monk whose patron saint is Margaret the Barefooted.
During Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 368 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Candidus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 251 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Edinborough.
As we neared the end of Lauds it transpired that Brother Masson lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 279 years of age.


Day XCIV

When it became Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Salonius is almost certainly Brother Vinsencius.
Upon Terce a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Pernella resides in the cell to the right of Brother Bolkyn.
Upon Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Eugene de Mazenod lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 197.
During Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Peter of Pappacarbone lives in the cell to the left of Brother Godson.
When it became Vespers I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Delfe is, in fact, the monk who is 77 years of age.
Upon Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Balyngham resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 106 years of age.
As the hour turned to Matins it became clear that the monk who hails from Almkirk occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Joan of Arc.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Sconnehoven lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 253 years of age.


Day XCV

As we neared the end of Prime I had deduced that the monk who hails from Durlan resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 23.
Upon Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Verinus lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 378 years of age.
During Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Desiderius of Vienne is actually the monk who hails from Virdunen.
As the hour turned to Nones a brother informed me that the monk who is 336 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 84 years of age.
As the hour turned to Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 35 is, in fact, the monk who is 235 years of age.
At the hour of Compline I overheard a muttering that Brother Ariankyn lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Emmelia.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 53 years of age lives in the cell to the right of Brother Brews.
Upon Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Ulrich of Augsburg occupies the cell to the right of Brother Daniel.


Day XCVI

As we neared the end of Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Enkhusyn resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 283 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Tibman lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 396 years of age.
When it became Sext I had deduced that Brother Godson lives in the cell to the left of Brother Gerbrandus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Hardingvade is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Malachy.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it became clear that the monk who hails from Dysert resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 57 years of age.
During Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 56 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 97 years of age.
As the hour turned to Matins a brother informed me that the monk who occupies cell 279 is Brother Dedicke.
At the hour of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Barnevill lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 221 years of age.


Day XCVII

During Prime it struck me that the monk who hails from Aleemere resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Harbfilde.
At the hour of Terce it transpired that Brother Lionellus occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 30.
When it became Sext I had deduced that the monk who hails from Sconnehoven resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 153.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Abamun of Tarnut lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Anastasia the Patrician.
When it became Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Severinus of Noricum lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 293 years of age.
At the hour of Compline it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Zofia Szydlowiecka occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Landerno.
At the hour of Matins I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 128 is almost certainly the monk who hails from Nemegan.
As the hour turned to Lauds it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 281 is without a doubt the monk who is 132 years of age.


Day XCVIII

As the hour turned to Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Howsenbrige bishopric is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 16.
As we neared the end of Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 307 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Mauglyn.
At the hour of Sext I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is John Fisher resides in the cell to the right of Brother Birgitta.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I overheard a muttering that Brother Frowin resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 126.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 244 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Humflett.
Upon Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Valensyn lives in the cell to the left of Brother Bonet.
As the hour turned to Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Dedicke is actually the monk who is 60 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I had deduced that Brother Geret resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Miguel Febres Cordero.


Day XCIX

As we neared the end of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 296 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Clement of Ohrid.
As we neared the end of Terce a brother let slip to me that Brother Severell occupies the cell to the left of Brother Ameot.
At the hour of Sext it became clear that the monk who hails from Edinborough occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Feckam.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it struck me that the monk who is 393 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 306.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Hazeka lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 140.
As the hour turned to Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Milburga of Wenlock resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Egbert of Northumbria.
As we neared the end of Matins it transpired that the monk who hails from Guynes resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Gelert.
Upon Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Gregory II lives in the cell to the right of Brother Crimsta.


Day C

During Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 298 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 208.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a brother informed me that the monk who is 302 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 143.
As the hour turned to Sext a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Otem is the monk whose patron saint is Miguel Febres Cordero.
As the hour turned to Nones it struck me that the monk who is 327 years of age is almost certainly Brother Monyng.
When it became Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Rictrude occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 226.
As the hour turned to Compline it struck me that Brother Gyleff is the monk whose patron saint is Maximus of Turin.
Upon Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Rymeswale resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Gele.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I had deduced that the monk who is 322 years of age resides in the cell to the right of Brother Carpenterius.


Day CI

Upon Prime it became clear that the monk who is 39 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 218.
When it became Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Egbert of Northumbria occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 333.
Upon Sext it became clear that the monk who is 360 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 30.
Upon Nones a brother informed me that the monk who is 287 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Kevin of Glendalough.
Upon Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Lambkyn occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 78.
When it became Compline a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Snory resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Brunesweke.
During Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Pharo is without a doubt the monk who is 27 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 340 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 264 years of age.


Day CII

During Prime a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Nuno de Santa Maria Álvares Pereira occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 250.
Upon Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 128 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Berney.
As we neared the end of Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Olome lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 395 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother informed me that Brother Cristoferus occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pyr.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it transpired that the monk who hails from Scorle occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 123 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 224 years of age resides in the cell to the right of Brother Amyot.
During Matins it transpired that the monk who hails from Seint Trude occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Neot.
At the hour of Lauds it was disclosed to me that Brother Peram occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Balyngham.


Day CIII

As we neared the end of Prime it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Agapitus I lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Sergius of Valaam.
As the hour turned to Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Columbanus resides in the cell to the right of Brother Gillemot.
During Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Gabriel IV lives in the cell to the left of Brother Geost.
When it became Nones a brother informed me that Brother Johnson occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 130.
As we neared the end of Vespers I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 111 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 317.
As the hour turned to Compline a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Atur occupies the cell to the left of Brother Odierus.
During Matins a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Gysbright lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 120 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Gallicanus lives in the cell to the left of Brother Frowin.


Day CIV

At the hour of Prime a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Kevin of Glendalough is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 20.
Upon Terce a brother let slip to me that Brother Lander is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Giovanni Battista Scalabrini.
As we neared the end of Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Christina the Astonishing resides in the cell to the left of Brother Toun.
As we neared the end of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 192 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Ludmila of Bohemia.
At the hour of Vespers it transpired that the monk who hails from Sclusse occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 43 years of age.
At the hour of Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Adomnán lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Veronica of Milan.
As we neared the end of Matins a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Mountbrake resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Abban the Hermit.
During Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 39 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Cettin.


Day CV

As we neared the end of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 385 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 194 years of age.
When it became Terce it transpired that the monk who is 133 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Masson.
Upon Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 386 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Dennis.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Fidelis of Sigmarengen resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 18 years of age.
As the hour turned to Vespers I had deduced that the monk who is 134 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Beverle.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Athanasius of Alexandria resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 278 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it struck me that the monk who is 158 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Calkire.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Paul VI lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 19 years of age.


Day CVI

When it became Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 259 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 335.
Upon Terce it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Cynllo lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 167.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext a brother let slip to me that Brother Halowyn resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Swolle.
As we neared the end of Nones a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Frideswide is actually the monk who hails from Geele.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Anastasia the Patrician is the monk who hails from Vans.
When it became Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 72 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 139.
As the hour turned to Matins a brother informed me that the monk who is 224 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 255.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Anthony Mary Claret is almost certainly the monk who is 99 years of age.


Day CVII

At the hour of Prime a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Yoste is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 134.
At the hour of Terce a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Flardyng is, in fact, the monk who is 49 years of age.
During Sext it became clear that the monk who is 139 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Bruno of Cologne.
During Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 332 is actually the monk who is 175 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Matu resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Hosedenne.
Upon Compline a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Haght occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Neagoe Basarab.
During Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 313 is actually the monk who is 36 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Lyle resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 205.


Day CVIII

When it became Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 276 years of age is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is John Fisher.
When it became Terce it transpired that Brother Idona resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Or of Nitria.
At the hour of Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Lelard is, in fact, the monk who is 333 years of age.
At the hour of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Camillus de Lellis is the monk who occupies cell 301.
At the hour of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 230 years of age is without a doubt Brother Christianne.
At the hour of Compline it became clear that the monk who is 184 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Pope John XXIII.
Upon Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Osyth lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Maghell.
At the hour of Lauds it struck me that the monk who is 29 years of age is the monk who hails from Alberden.


Day CIX

As the hour turned to Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Lewen is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Benedetta Cambiagio Frassinello.
When it became Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Heynesbury lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Nothelm of Canterbury.
When it became Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Frideswide occupies the cell to the right of Brother Brother.
During Nones it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Hazeka lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Oldechurche in Emerike.
As the hour turned to Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Clara resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 59 years of age.
Upon Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Dominic de la Calzada is the monk who occupies cell 339.
At the hour of Matins a brother informed me that the monk who is 383 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Columbanus.
Upon Lauds it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Nothelm of Canterbury resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Leffyng.


Day CX

Upon Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Colleyn is the monk who is 120 years of age.
When it became Terce I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 290 is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Piran.
At the hour of Sext a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Aphrodisius is the monk who is 42 years of age.
When it became Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Zosimas of Palestine resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 68.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Bruno of Cologne occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Severinus of Noricum.
When it became Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Nilus the Younger occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 273 years of age.
During Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Alpmare resides in the cell to the right of Brother Vaceto.
As we neared the end of Lauds it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 100 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Dortemond.


Day CXI

At the hour of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Basil the Fool for Christ lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Tholevyn.
When it became Terce a brother let slip to me that Brother Lander resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Hark.
As we neared the end of Sext a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Bete occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Luca.
At the hour of Nones a brother informed me that the monk who is 165 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 98 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers a brother informed me that Brother Regenidum occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Nicholas of Tolentino.
During Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Brele occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Nol diocese.
Upon Matins a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Delf lives in the cell to the right of Brother Hadlour.
At the hour of Lauds it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Dimitry of Rostov resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Mary of the Gael.


Day CXII

During Prime a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Cristean is, in fact, the monk who hails from Towers.
Upon Terce a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Ubald is the monk who occupies cell 176.
When it became Sext a brother informed me that the monk who is 370 years of age is almost certainly Brother Nicasius.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 203 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Sirekse.
At the hour of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is The Venerable Bede resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 339.
Upon Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Alberden resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Herlem.
Upon Matins it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Dioscorus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Corbye.
As the hour turned to Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Stenberghen resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Seaxburh of Ely.


Day CXIII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Ravenovill lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Douseburgh.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Eugene de Mazenod occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Fellym.
As we neared the end of Sext a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Pere occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Dorothea of Alexandria.
As we neared the end of Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Isoda is actually the monk who hails from Hark.
As we neared the end of Vespers it transpired that the monk who is 365 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 277 years of age.
Upon Compline it became clear that the monk who hails from Sentroye occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Falkenborowe.
During Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Ghent is without a doubt the monk who is 59 years of age.
Upon Lauds I had deduced that the monk who is 123 years of age is actually Brother Bartramus.


Day CXIV

At the hour of Prime it became clear that the monk who is 145 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Hazeka.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a brother let slip to me that Brother Isbronde is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 41.
As we neared the end of Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Fyan resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 336.
At the hour of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 236 is almost certainly the monk who hails from Cuthocke.
When it became Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 200 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Hethyngtonger.
When it became Compline I overheard a muttering that Brother Tetekyn is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 205.
During Matins a brother informed me that the monk who is 222 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Bermeu.
When it became Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who is 288 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Theodoric.


Day CXV

Upon Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 202 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Oldechurche in Emerike.
As the hour turned to Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Candidus lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 235.
As we neared the end of Sext a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Varvara Yakovleva lives in the cell to the right of Brother Arthus.
As the hour turned to Nones it struck me that the monk who is 302 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Leffyng.
As the hour turned to Vespers it was disclosed to me that Brother Cristoferus lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Stenberghen.
Upon Compline a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Alnard occupies the cell to the right of Brother Bawlett.
As the hour turned to Matins a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Alpinus lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 329.
As the hour turned to Lauds it transpired that the monk who hails from Breya is actually the monk who is 338 years of age.


Day CXVI

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 345 years of age is, in fact, Brother Coppyn.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Brother lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 148 years of age.
At the hour of Sext it became clear that the monk who occupies cell 316 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Douseburgh.
When it became Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Delif resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Anthony Mary Claret.
Upon Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Emmeram of Regensburg is the monk who occupies cell 226.
As the hour turned to Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Angela Merici is actually Brother Idonia.
Upon Matins it occurred to me that the monk who is 247 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Hatton.
When it became Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 278 is without a doubt Brother Nannynge.


Day CXVII

At the hour of Prime it transpired that Brother Eteyn is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 322.
Upon Terce it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Agapitus I is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 252.
When it became Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Brussels lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 314 years of age.
As we neared the end of Nones it struck me that the monk who hails from Guynes lives in the cell to the left of Brother Ebertus.
As we neared the end of Vespers it became clear that the monk who is 41 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 331.
During Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Gillemot is the monk who hails from Nerlandun.
As the hour turned to Matins it struck me that Brother Lusebet resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Maximilian Kolbe.
As we neared the end of Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Bullayn resides in the cell to the right of Brother Severell.


Day CXVIII

Upon Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 228 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 105 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce I had deduced that Brother Batyn lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Humflett.
Upon Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 300 years of age lives in the cell to the right of Brother Gelet.
Upon Nones it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Leyword resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Lot of Egypt.
When it became Vespers I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Philip Benizi de Damiani lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Bewevers.
When it became Compline it struck me that Brother Cupper occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 261 years of age.
As the hour turned to Matins it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 214 is, in fact, Brother Elber.
During Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Pius V resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 32 years of age.


Day CXIX

Upon Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Sergius of Radonezh is, in fact, Brother Othildore.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Genevieve resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Utrecht.
When it became Sext it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Dioscorus resides in the cell to the left of Brother Gysbryght.
At the hour of Nones it struck me that the monk who is 170 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 27.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it became clear that Brother Nelkyn lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 35 years of age.
As the hour turned to Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 355 years of age lives in the cell to the right of Brother Atur.
When it became Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Isfrid of Ratzeburg lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 21.
As we neared the end of Lauds a brother let slip to me that Brother Gilberson occupies the cell to the left of Brother Valantinus.


Day CXX

When it became Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is John Fisher occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 308 years of age.
During Terce it struck me that the monk who hails from Durlan occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Capell.
When it became Sext it became clear that the monk who is 389 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Brussels.
As the hour turned to Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Howsenbrige bishopric resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 47 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it became clear that the monk who hails from Douseburgh resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Briges.
During Compline it transpired that the monk who is 199 years of age is the monk whose patron saint is Ursula Julia Ledochowska.
As the hour turned to Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Isaac of Nineveh lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Dutright.
During Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Leodegar of Autun occupies the cell to the left of Brother Gysbrand.


Day CXXI

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Massyk resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 104 years of age.
When it became Terce a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Brown is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 280.
At the hour of Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Cossina occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Werte.
As we neared the end of Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Joaquina Vedruna de Mas occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 88.
As we neared the end of Vespers it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Nol diocese occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 214.
When it became Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Wavyr is without a doubt Brother Ogerus.
At the hour of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Valantinus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 253.
Upon Lauds it occurred to me that Brother Jelyan is actually the monk who occupies cell 197.


Day CXXII

Upon Prime it occurred to me that Brother Hoper occupies the cell to the right of Brother Dunsy.
When it became Terce I had deduced that the monk who is 289 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 268.
Upon Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Dynter lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 317 years of age.
Upon Nones a brother let slip to me that Brother Ogerus resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Clement of Alexandria.
As we neared the end of Vespers it became clear that the monk who occupies cell 63 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Humflewe.
As the hour turned to Compline I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Isidore the Laborer occupies the cell to the left of Brother Chonettus.
As the hour turned to Matins it occurred to me that the monk who is 328 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Afflegyn.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I had deduced that the monk who hails from Culenborth occupies the cell to the left of Brother Bowen.


Day CXXIII

As the hour turned to Prime a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Tosterwyk is, in fact, the monk who is 64 years of age.
At the hour of Terce a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Metheus resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 64 years of age.
As the hour turned to Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Teras occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 330 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Coupyr lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 80 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Barnevill occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Lese.
When it became Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Joseph Pignatelli occupies the cell to the left of Brother Egbardus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it struck me that the monk who hails from Maurosse resides in the cell to the right of Brother Egbardus.
During Lauds it struck me that the monk who is 142 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Gocelinus.


Day CXXIV

During Prime a brother informed me that the monk who is 190 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 242 years of age.
At the hour of Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Geale lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Bullayn.
Upon Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Cettin lives in the cell to the left of Brother Nele.
When it became Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 48 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Maystery.
During Vespers it transpired that Brother Nicasius occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 294.
As the hour turned to Compline it occurred to me that the monk who is 207 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Leye.
During Matins a brother let slip to me that Brother Bowen is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Elizabeth of Russia.
As the hour turned to Lauds it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Afan resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 23.


Day CXXV

When it became Prime it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Ladislaus of Hungary resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 310.
Upon Terce a brother let slip to me that Brother Fyre lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Merstreght.
As the hour turned to Sext I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 12 is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Roch.
Upon Nones it transpired that the monk who hails from Folkmerssh occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 197 years of age.
During Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Cuthocke resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 237.
During Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Gaspar del Bufalo lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Seraphina.
During Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Nalewyk is actually the monk who is 245 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 26 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Amyans diocese.


Day CXXVI

As we neared the end of Prime it struck me that Brother Sabeyn is, in fact, the monk who is 305 years of age.
Upon Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Joseph Vaz resides in the cell to the left of Brother Idona.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it struck me that the monk who hails from Lese is Brother Tetekyn.
During Nones it struck me that the monk who hails from Leke by Newport is almost certainly the monk who is 300 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 217 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 369 years of age.
During Compline it occurred to me that the monk who is 25 years of age is almost certainly the monk who hails from St Andrews diocese.
When it became Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Sertyngbush resides in the cell to the right of Brother Richarde.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it occurred to me that the monk who occupies cell 42 is Brother Cesson.


Day CXXVII

During Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 39 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 271 years of age.
When it became Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Dionysius of Alexandria lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 277.
When it became Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Vincent de Paul lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 296.
Upon Nones I had deduced that Brother Joc occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Isaac of Nineveh.
As we neared the end of Vespers it became clear that Brother Damyan is actually the monk who is 235 years of age.
As we neared the end of Compline it transpired that the monk who hails from Bewesyn is without a doubt Brother Gartryk.
Upon Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Veronica of Milan lives in the cell to the right of Brother Blasius.
As the hour turned to Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Edburga of Bicester is the monk who occupies cell 244.


Day CXXVIII

As we neared the end of Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 315 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Budoc of Dol.
Upon Terce it transpired that Brother Arcillas occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Strowesburgh.
As we neared the end of Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 328 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 84.
At the hour of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 226 is actually the monk who hails from Mastryce.
As the hour turned to Vespers I overheard a muttering that Brother Ariankyn resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 70.
During Compline a brother let slip to me that Brother Cristoferus resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 318.
As we neared the end of Matins it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Gelert resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Modwen.
During Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Lucca is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 274.


Day CXXIX

Upon Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Paul Miki resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Pytte.
During Terce a brother informed me that the monk who is 198 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 179 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Gabrielius occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 257.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Horme resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 242 years of age.
As the hour turned to Vespers I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 385 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Geraldus.
When it became Compline I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Christopher lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Mountseynt Gertrude.
During Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Didymus the Blind occupies the cell to the right of Brother Ducent.
When it became Lauds it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Alberic of Utrecht resides in the cell to the right of Brother Cossina.


Day CXXX

During Prime a brother let slip to me that Brother Gocelinus resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Isaac of Nineveh.
At the hour of Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 354 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is King Charles the Martyr.
As the hour turned to Sext it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Euphrasia Eluvathingal is without a doubt Brother Gyllame.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Andrei the Iconographer occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 319 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it struck me that Brother Patroke lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Leyshowete.
During Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Haght occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 192.
As we neared the end of Matins a brother informed me that Brother Humphrey is without a doubt the monk who is 86 years of age.
When it became Lauds it was disclosed to me that Brother Clayce resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Paulina.


Day CXXXI

As the hour turned to Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Newhavon lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 304 years of age.
As the hour turned to Terce it became clear that the monk who is 141 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Anastasius of Alexandria.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Gose occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Merstreght.
At the hour of Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Marter lives in the cell to the right of Brother Gysbright.
As the hour turned to Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Fuk occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 194 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Gall lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Rabanus Maurus.
During Matins it transpired that the monk who is 73 years of age occupies the cell to the left of Brother Hoper.
As we neared the end of Lauds I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Ivo of Kermartin occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 162.


Day CXXXII

At the hour of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Congar lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 189.
Upon Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Berwe uppon Some resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 125 years of age.
During Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Eugene de Mazenod lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Uterbek.
Upon Nones it occurred to me that Brother Agamelo is the monk whose patron saint is Pope Hilarius.
Upon Vespers I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Paulina is actually the monk who occupies cell 132.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Aphrodisius occupies the cell to the left of Brother Gyleff.
As the hour turned to Matins I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Euphemia resides in the cell to the left of Brother Howelet.
At the hour of Lauds a brother informed me that Brother Ameot lives in the cell to the left of Brother Teleman.


Day CXXXIII

As we neared the end of Prime I overheard a muttering that Brother Mighel lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Lumyn.
As we neared the end of Terce a brother informed me that the monk who is 205 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Bafrenay.
Upon Sext it occurred to me that the monk who is 76 years of age is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 84.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 130 years of age is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 232.
At the hour of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Dunsy is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 124.
Upon Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 284 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Nyvile.
When it became Matins a brother informed me that Brother Geost occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 193.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I had deduced that the monk who is 220 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is John of Matha.


Day CXXXIV

Upon Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 63 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Lupus of Sens.
When it became Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 318 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 220 years of age.
As we neared the end of Sext it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Tourne occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Gregory Palamas.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 212 is actually the monk who is 42 years of age.
As we neared the end of Vespers a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Philip Benizi de Damiani resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Camillus de Lellis.
Upon Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Florentina is, in fact, the monk who hails from Howsenbrige bishopric.
At the hour of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who occupies cell 238 is actually the monk whose patron saint is Virginia Centurione Bracelli.
As the hour turned to Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Arnulf of Metz lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Giovanni Battista Scalabrini.


Day CXXXV

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it occurred to me that the monk who is 214 years of age is almost certainly the monk who hails from Almkirk.
During Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Francis of Assisi is almost certainly the monk who hails from Lucca.
As we neared the end of Sext I had deduced that Brother Deux occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Daniel Comboni.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it became clear that the monk who is 378 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 133.
As we neared the end of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Aloysius Gonzaga lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 100.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Varghese Payyappilly Palakkappilly resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Brele.
During Matins I had deduced that the monk who is 36 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Boniface IV.
During Lauds a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Catald resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Methodius of Thessaloniki.


Day CXXXVI

At the hour of Prime I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Herman of Alaska lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 174.
At the hour of Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Elisabeth of Hungary lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Joaquina Vedruna de Mas.
At the hour of Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Joke occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 131.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Dysert occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Maystery.
When it became Vespers a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Turibius of Mongrovejo resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is James of the Marches.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Kymper lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Odile.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it became clear that the monk who is 271 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 163 years of age.
Upon Lauds it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Tregowyn occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 34.


Day CXXXVII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it transpired that the monk who hails from Heyse is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 166.
During Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Eustadiola occupies the cell to the right of Brother Marynus.
During Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Nectarios of Aegina resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 12.
As the hour turned to Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Nyvile resides in the cell to the right of Brother Gillyam.
When it became Vespers it transpired that Brother Phillebert lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 23.
As we neared the end of Compline it became clear that the monk who occupies cell 83 is almost certainly the monk who is 328 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it transpired that the monk who is 321 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Dominic de la Calzada.
As we neared the end of Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Godiscalf lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Gerard Majella.


Day CXXXVIII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I had deduced that the monk who is 112 years of age is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Mary of the Gael.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Peter of Alcantara occupies the cell to the left of Brother Alnard.
Upon Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Ansgar is actually Brother Barean.
When it became Nones it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Isabel of France is, in fact, the monk who is 343 years of age.
Upon Vespers it transpired that the monk who is 88 years of age is actually the monk who occupies cell 317.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline a brother informed me that the monk who is 99 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 127.
As we neared the end of Matins it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Craunton is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 222.
During Lauds it became clear that the monk who is 313 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 325.


Day CXXXIX

At the hour of Prime a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Hisbrand lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 74 years of age.
At the hour of Terce it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 240 is the monk who hails from Culenborth.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Arras diocese is actually the monk whose patron saint is Kea.
As we neared the end of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Bernard Due Van Vo occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Anselm of Canterbury.
Upon Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who occupies cell 325 is actually Brother Anton.
Upon Compline it struck me that the monk who hails from Kymper is without a doubt the monk who is 278 years of age.
As the hour turned to Matins I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Rictrude is almost certainly the monk who hails from Rosyngdale.
At the hour of Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 276 is, in fact, the monk who is 38 years of age.


Day CXL

At the hour of Prime it occurred to me that Brother Patroke is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 249.
Upon Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Claus resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 102 years of age.
As we neared the end of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Bewevat occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Romersdale.
As we neared the end of Nones it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 123 is Brother Linus.
As we neared the end of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 215 years of age is actually the monk who occupies cell 325.
As we neared the end of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Theophan the Recluse occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Vitalis of Assisi.
During Matins it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Botolph occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 75 years of age.
During Lauds it became clear that Brother Belisarde is actually the monk whose patron saint is Athanasius of Alexandria.


Day CXLI

At the hour of Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Martyrs of Thailand occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Feckam.
During Terce it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Chad of Mercia lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 200 years of age.
As we neared the end of Sext it transpired that the monk who hails from Tyrgowe occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 56 years of age.
As we neared the end of Nones I had deduced that Brother Folk resides in the cell to the left of Brother Cristyn.
During Vespers I had deduced that Brother Pancras lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 77.
During Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Wilfrid of Ripon resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 4.
As the hour turned to Matins it became clear that the monk who is 365 years of age lives in the cell to the right of Brother Goskyn.
At the hour of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Hildebrand lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 86 years of age.


Day CXLII

As the hour turned to Prime I overheard a muttering that Brother Artis lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Beausote.
As the hour turned to Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Flardyng lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Doredreght.
Upon Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Barbour occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Sartyngbussh.
When it became Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Hernest occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 142.
As we neared the end of Vespers a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 89 years of age is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 42.
At the hour of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Perkyn lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 317 years of age.
At the hour of Matins a brother informed me that Brother Ranlof resides in the cell to the right of Brother Pancras.
During Lauds a brother let slip to me that Brother Udye is the monk who hails from Guynes.


Day CXLIII

When it became Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 312 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Houtstrat.
As we neared the end of Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 169 is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Job of Pochayiv.
During Sext it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Hedwig of Andechs is almost certainly Brother Tarsell.
As we neared the end of Nones it became clear that Brother Creve is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 193.
As we neared the end of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 310 years of age is, in fact, Brother Urin.
When it became Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 216 is the monk who is 35 years of age.
As we neared the end of Matins it transpired that the monk who hails from Guines occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Corbye.
Upon Lauds it transpired that the monk who hails from Heyse occupies the cell to the left of Brother Lewen.


Day CXLIV

As we neared the end of Prime it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Brey resides in the cell to the left of Brother Conray.
Upon Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Herentall occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 60.
As we neared the end of Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Bruno of Cologne is Brother Marionora.
As the hour turned to Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 250 is without a doubt the monk who is 346 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Tydfil occupies the cell to the left of Brother Monyng.
During Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Galeyn resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Bewvoysin.
During Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Deneys lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Congar.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it struck me that Brother Morigo is almost certainly the monk who is 335 years of age.


Day CXLV

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 219 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 281 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it became clear that the monk who hails from Carentario occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Casimir.
At the hour of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Abban the Hermit resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 367 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Neagoe Basarab resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 191.
At the hour of Vespers it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Euphrosyne of Alexandria occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 76.
At the hour of Compline it became clear that the monk who hails from Massyk resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Midelburgh.
When it became Matins it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Hilarius occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Brey.
As we neared the end of Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 173 is almost certainly Brother Downe.


Day CXLVI

As the hour turned to Prime it became clear that Brother Brownyng is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Casimir.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it transpired that the monk who is 335 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Dortemond.
At the hour of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Bruggis is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 349.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it struck me that the monk who is 25 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Paulina.
At the hour of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk who occupies cell 65 is without a doubt the monk who is 219 years of age.
When it became Compline a brother let slip to me that Brother Clausse lives in the cell to the right of Brother Asbryus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it struck me that Brother Birgitta is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 128.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 199 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Avitus of Vienne.


Day CXLVII

During Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Catherine Laboure resides in the cell to the left of Brother Lelard.
As the hour turned to Terce it occurred to me that Brother Fowkys is, in fact, the monk who hails from Landerno.
During Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Halham is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 324.
As the hour turned to Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 198 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Goodleff.
At the hour of Vespers it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Antwerpe resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Budoc of Dol.
When it became Compline it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Nicholas of Lesvos resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from St Andrews diocese.
As the hour turned to Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Faustus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 231 years of age.
Upon Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Arras diocese occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 310 years of age.


Day CXLVIII

Upon Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 55 years of age lives in the cell to the right of Brother Brownyng.
Upon Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Madeson resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 188.
As we neared the end of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Juliers resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 214 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I had deduced that the monk who is 223 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Valensyn.
As we neared the end of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Makelyn occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Gaspar del Bufalo.
During Compline it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Romuald resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 341.
Upon Matins it was disclosed to me that Brother Deux is the monk who hails from Reynaldston.
Upon Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 179 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 135.


Day CXLIX

Upon Prime a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Virginia Centurione Bracelli resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 239.
Upon Terce it became clear that the monk who is 61 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Sentroye.
Upon Sext it occurred to me that the monk who occupies cell 8 is actually the monk who is 147 years of age.
When it became Nones it became clear that the monk who is 383 years of age occupies the cell to the left of Brother Gisbright.
As we neared the end of Vespers I had deduced that the monk who is 323 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Outright.
As the hour turned to Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Isabel of France lives in the cell to the left of Brother Holt.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Chrysostomos of Smyrna lives in the cell to the left of Brother Valerand.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who is 343 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 64.


Day CL

During Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 181 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Merstreght.
During Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Gunther of Bohemia is without a doubt Brother Coret.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it became clear that the monk who hails from Pharo occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 75.
When it became Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Briges occupies the cell to the right of Brother Monyng.
As we neared the end of Vespers it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Gunther of Bohemia resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Casimir.
As the hour turned to Compline it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Elizabeth Ann Seton resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 38.
During Matins a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Delfe lives in the cell to the left of Brother Urin.
Upon Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 375 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Roon.


Day CLI

As the hour turned to Prime it struck me that the monk who is 215 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Bristow.
At the hour of Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Egbert of Northumbria resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 124 years of age.
Upon Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 301 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Haght.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 50 is actually the monk who is 201 years of age.
During Vespers it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Stephen III of Moldavia occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Wassener.
When it became Compline it struck me that the monk who hails from Wavyr resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Dynter.
When it became Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Asbryus is the monk who is 329 years of age.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Nikolai of Žica lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Dertmon.


Day CLII

When it became Prime it became clear that the monk who is 263 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 347.
At the hour of Terce it became clear that Brother Glawdyn lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Grisoldes.
When it became Sext I had deduced that the monk who hails from Ghent is, in fact, Brother Yoste.
As the hour turned to Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Bus is the monk who is 373 years of age.
When it became Vespers it occurred to me that Brother Ailbright is the monk who hails from Sundurt.
As we neared the end of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 255 years of age is, in fact, the monk who hails from Landerno.
At the hour of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Goddescall lives in the cell to the right of Brother Deneys.
At the hour of Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Barnevill is, in fact, the monk who is 81 years of age.


Day CLIII

Upon Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Sherbroke resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Trogowe.
Upon Terce it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Anthony the Great lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 215 years of age.
Upon Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Dergowe resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Lambert of Maastricht.
At the hour of Nones it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Neot is, in fact, the monk who is 69 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Valerand is almost certainly the monk who is 113 years of age.
As the hour turned to Compline it was disclosed to me that Brother Gilmot is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 13.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it became clear that Brother Leffynus is the monk whose patron saint is Peter Igneus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 218 years of age lives in the cell to the right of Brother Othildore.


Day CLIV

As we neared the end of Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 323 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Warinus.
Upon Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Abvyle lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Livinus of Ghent.
At the hour of Sext it became clear that the monk who is 118 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 61 years of age.
As the hour turned to Nones it transpired that the monk who hails from Mauglyn lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 237 years of age.
During Vespers I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Boniface occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 205 years of age.
When it became Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Lot of Egypt resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 32.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Catherine Laboure is, in fact, the monk who is 104 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Mountbrake lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 329.


Day CLV

When it became Prime a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Eustadiola occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 203 years of age.
During Terce I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Gerard Majella resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Rabanus Maurus.
As we neared the end of Sext I had deduced that Brother Grymald occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 261 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 304 years of age is the monk who occupies cell 269.
During Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 225 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Editha.
During Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Rumkyn lives in the cell to the left of Brother Denid.
Upon Matins I had deduced that the monk who hails from Tarasone lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Antwerpe.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 223 is actually Brother Keysar.


Day CLVI

Upon Prime it transpired that Brother Deux resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 245.
As the hour turned to Terce it transpired that the monk who is 21 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Multiburte.
As the hour turned to Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 236 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Wert.
When it became Nones I had deduced that Brother Helgych lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 237 years of age.
When it became Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Cortom occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 213 years of age.
During Compline a brother informed me that the monk who occupies cell 154 is Brother Gerbrandus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Anne Line lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 270 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it became clear that the monk who is 220 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Coppyn.


Day CLVII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it became clear that the monk who is 325 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 265 years of age.
At the hour of Terce it occurred to me that Brother Helowys is actually the monk whose patron saint is Robert Bellarmine.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 338 years of age is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 104.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Moses the Hungarian resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 144 years of age.
During Vespers it transpired that Brother Jacok is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Sophronius of Jerusalem.
As we neared the end of Compline a brother informed me that the monk who is 299 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Godfus.
When it became Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Love lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 72 years of age.
When it became Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 239 years of age resides in the cell to the right of Brother Gwillam.


Day CLVIII

As the hour turned to Prime a brother informed me that Brother Tyrrye lives in the cell to the left of Brother Harald.
During Terce it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Bewesyn resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 52.
When it became Sext I had deduced that Brother Artis resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Gaspar del Bufalo.
As the hour turned to Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Nymey occupies the cell to the left of Brother Garbrond.
As we neared the end of Vespers I had deduced that the monk who hails from Hartalles occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 72.
Upon Compline it occurred to me that Brother Dygyls lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 246 years of age.
At the hour of Matins it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Joseph of Cupertino occupies the cell to the right of Brother Glawde.
As the hour turned to Lauds it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Euphrosyne of Alexandria is, in fact, Brother Deve.


Day CLIX

When it became Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Arcillas resides in the cell to the left of Brother Abia.
As the hour turned to Terce it transpired that the monk who is 251 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 67.
At the hour of Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Leffynus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 186.
Upon Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 96 years of age is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 34.
As we neared the end of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Roterdam occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 51.
During Compline it occurred to me that Brother Thomas lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 4.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Peyre is the monk whose patron saint is Daniel Comboni.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Eustadiola is without a doubt the monk who hails from Morteyn.


Day CLX

At the hour of Prime it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 272 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Coldyngham.
As we neared the end of Terce it struck me that the monk who is 259 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Trogowe.
When it became Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 315 is, in fact, the monk who is 181 years of age.
During Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Cedd lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 103 years of age.
During Vespers a brother informed me that the monk who is 272 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 157.
At the hour of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Denis of Paris is the monk who hails from Makeleyn.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 103 is the monk who hails from Mastryk.
Upon Lauds a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Elisabeth of Hungary lives in the cell to the right of Brother Janen.


Day CLXI

As the hour turned to Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Ulrich of Augsburg occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 297 years of age.
Upon Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Barlore is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 232.
Upon Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Bus is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Pope Agapitus I.
As the hour turned to Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 225 years of age is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 49.
At the hour of Vespers it became clear that the monk who hails from Luca is the monk who is 273 years of age.
Upon Compline it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 90 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Maghell.
As the hour turned to Matins it was disclosed to me that Brother Brando is almost certainly the monk who hails from Maystery.
As we neared the end of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 331 years of age lives in the cell to the left of Brother Christianne.


Day CLXII

As we neared the end of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Clemens resides in the cell to the right of Brother Tidimann.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Tola Villa lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 309.
At the hour of Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Hilarius lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 110.
At the hour of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 234 years of age is without a doubt Brother Jonch.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it became clear that Brother Gillelmus is without a doubt the monk who hails from Rosyngdale.
As the hour turned to Compline it transpired that the monk who is 302 years of age lives in the cell to the left of Brother Hawys.
At the hour of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Davyth is almost certainly the monk who hails from Grynlawe.
During Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who is 312 years of age is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 90.


Day CLXIII

Upon Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Barg resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Maximus the Confessor.
When it became Terce it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 10 is the monk who hails from Balyngham.
Upon Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Sabeyn is actually the monk who occupies cell 181.
When it became Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Beverwike is, in fact, Brother Deve.
At the hour of Vespers a brother informed me that the monk who is 372 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 173 years of age.
At the hour of Compline I overheard a muttering that Brother Gartryk is the monk who is 83 years of age.
As the hour turned to Matins I overheard a muttering that Brother Bristow resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from St Germayn in Gallart.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Paul VI is, in fact, the monk who hails from Arenam on Gylderland.


Day CLXIV

As we neared the end of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Myghille resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Hardingvade.
When it became Terce a brother let slip to me that Brother Tussens lives in the cell to the right of Brother Gysbryght.
During Sext it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Caranton resides in the cell to the left of Brother Wyard.
At the hour of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 111 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Seaxburh of Ely.
As we neared the end of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 196 is actually the monk who hails from Hardingvade.
At the hour of Compline it occurred to me that Brother Fowkys lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Gilbert de Moravia.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a brother informed me that the monk who is 279 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 118.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it transpired that the monk who is 260 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 153 years of age.


Day CLXV

During Prime a brother let slip to me that Brother Huton is actually the monk whose patron saint is Yegor Chekryakovsky.
When it became Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Nymey occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 219 years of age.
During Sext it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Vladimir Paley resides in the cell to the left of Brother Leffynus.
Upon Nones a brother informed me that Brother Gardyne occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 83 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it transpired that Brother Barteram is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Candidus.
During Compline a brother informed me that the monk who is 218 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Tancarens.
When it became Matins it struck me that the monk who hails from Barnevill is actually Brother Letilhankyn.
Upon Lauds it struck me that the monk who hails from Aleemere resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 18 years of age.


Day CLXVI

As we neared the end of Prime a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Campe lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Gregory II.
During Terce it struck me that the monk who hails from Cyrekse is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Lidwina of Schiedam.
When it became Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Tyelt resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 252.
As the hour turned to Nones a brother informed me that Brother Blasius occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 284.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 258 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Arenam on Gylderland.
When it became Compline a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Bomannus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Humflett.
During Matins it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Moses the Hungarian lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Botolph.
During Lauds I overheard a muttering that Brother Pancracius is actually the monk who is 375 years of age.


Day CLXVII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Breya resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 103.
As we neared the end of Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Eteyn resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 295 years of age.
At the hour of Sext it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Peter of Alcantara occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 112 years of age.
During Nones I overheard a muttering that Brother Titolunus resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 74.
At the hour of Vespers it became clear that the monk who is 306 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 288.
Upon Compline a brother informed me that Brother Criston is actually the monk who is 28 years of age.
When it became Matins a brother informed me that the monk who is 62 years of age resides in the cell to the left of Brother Tarsell.
During Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from St Calonia lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 133 years of age.


Day CLXVIII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I overheard a muttering that Brother Brownyng is the monk who hails from Craell.
During Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Lesewe is almost certainly Brother Bete.
As we neared the end of Sext it occurred to me that the monk who occupies cell 277 is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Brioc.
When it became Nones a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Karant occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 73.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Garyot resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Or of Nitria.
During Compline a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Gilbert de Moravia lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 82.
Upon Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is John Rigby resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 17.
When it became Lauds it became clear that the monk who hails from Leyshowete is almost certainly the monk who is 346 years of age.


Day CLXIX

As we neared the end of Prime I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 160 is the monk who hails from Folkmerssh.
Upon Terce a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Luke the Evangelist is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 62.
When it became Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 229 is without a doubt the monk who is 282 years of age.
As the hour turned to Nones it was disclosed to me that Brother Sabeyn lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Donblayn.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers a brother let slip to me that Brother Hawys resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 146.
As we neared the end of Compline it transpired that the monk who hails from Dertmond is almost certainly the monk who is 46 years of age.
When it became Matins a brother informed me that Brother Glawde occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 248 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds it was disclosed to me that Brother Nigel resides in the cell to the left of Brother Tetekyn.


Day CLXX

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Maurosse resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Ludmila of Bohemia.
When it became Terce it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Leyshowete resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Rita of Cascia.
During Sext it struck me that Brother Godfus occupies the cell to the left of Brother Metheus.
When it became Nones a brother informed me that the monk who is 301 years of age lives in the cell to the left of Brother Creve.
Upon Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Fellym resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Malachy.
As the hour turned to Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Lidwina of Schiedam occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 119.
During Matins it struck me that the monk who hails from Guynes lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Makeleyn.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Awnell lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 297 years of age.


Day CLXXI

Upon Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Chrysostomos of Smyrna lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 242 years of age.
When it became Terce a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Dederik is the monk who is 37 years of age.
At the hour of Sext it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 209 is the monk who is 213 years of age.
When it became Nones it was disclosed to me that Brother Guillyam resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Myghille.
As we neared the end of Vespers a brother informed me that the monk who is 220 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 172.
At the hour of Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Clare of Montefalco lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Humflewe.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Godfus is the monk whose patron saint is Eugene de Mazenod.
At the hour of Lauds a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Magdalene of Nagasaki lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Ley.


Day CLXXII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I had deduced that the monk who is 171 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Bus.
During Terce a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Garrert occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 156.
As we neared the end of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 318 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Simplicius.
As the hour turned to Nones it transpired that the monk who hails from Lucca resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 273.
Upon Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Hanekin is the monk who hails from Accon.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 34 is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Ammon.
At the hour of Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk who occupies cell 163 is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Chrysostomos of Smyrna.
During Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Chirbourgh lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 168 years of age.


Day CLXXIII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 250 years of age is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 152.
When it became Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Ciarán of Saighir lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 29.
Upon Sext a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Yeest occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Westryll.
When it became Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Eugene de Mazenod is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 198.
When it became Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Gabrielius lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 152 years of age.
As the hour turned to Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Leo the Great is, in fact, the monk who is 209 years of age.
Upon Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 189 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 109 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Multiburte lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Sertegonbus.


Day CLXXIV

As the hour turned to Prime a brother informed me that Brother Surleonus resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Frideswide.
During Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 375 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 91 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Anastasius of Alexandria is, in fact, Brother Vincent.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 390 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 43 years of age.
When it became Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Nymey occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 343 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 174 years of age occupies the cell to the right of Brother Dreke.
During Matins it transpired that the monk who hails from Stronsey resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Dionysius of Alexandria.
As we neared the end of Lauds it struck me that the monk who is 54 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Jedeworth.


Day CLXXV

As the hour turned to Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 265 years of age is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Maximus the Confessor.
Upon Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Constantine the Great is, in fact, Brother Gocelinus.
During Sext it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 5 is, in fact, the monk who is 187 years of age.
At the hour of Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Heahmund lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Barbour.
At the hour of Vespers it transpired that the monk who is 229 years of age lives in the cell to the left of Brother Cupper.
As we neared the end of Compline a brother let slip to me that Brother Metheus is actually the monk who occupies cell 199.
At the hour of Matins it became clear that Brother Godiscalf lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 392 years of age.
As the hour turned to Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Guillyam lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 195.


Day CLXXVI

During Prime it transpired that the monk who is 356 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 182 years of age.
As the hour turned to Terce a brother informed me that Brother Sardinus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 187.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 193 years of age is almost certainly the monk who hails from Newhavon.
As we neared the end of Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Varowe occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Wilfrid of Ripon.
When it became Vespers it struck me that Brother Nevyrr lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 293.
As the hour turned to Compline it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Maria Crocifissa di Rosa is, in fact, the monk who hails from Mastryght.
At the hour of Matins I had deduced that the monk who is 156 years of age is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 54.
When it became Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Zygmunt Gorazdowski is, in fact, Brother Adrianus.


Day CLXXVII

When it became Prime it became clear that the monk who hails from Makeleyn occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 268.
When it became Terce it became clear that the monk who hails from Sartyngbussh is actually the monk who occupies cell 344.
As the hour turned to Sext I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is John Climacus lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Paulina.
As we neared the end of Nones it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Joaquina Vedruna de Mas lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Casimir.
As we neared the end of Vespers a brother let slip to me that Brother Welmer is almost certainly the monk who is 200 years of age.
Upon Compline a brother informed me that the monk who is 345 years of age resides in the cell to the right of Brother Cristean.
At the hour of Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 339 years of age is actually the monk who occupies cell 148.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds I had deduced that the monk who is 240 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 35.


Day CLXXVIII

At the hour of Prime it became clear that the monk who is 385 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Gaudentius of Ossero.
During Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Humflewe resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 231 years of age.
As the hour turned to Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Saturius of Soria lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 283.
As the hour turned to Nones it was disclosed to me that the monk who occupies cell 207 is actually the monk who hails from Colon.
As we neared the end of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Leudowicus resides in the cell to the left of Brother Jocen.
As we neared the end of Compline it occurred to me that Brother Hille occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 89.
During Matins I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 93 is the monk who hails from Clife.
At the hour of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Tegi is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 328.


Day CLXXIX

When it became Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 112 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Breya.
As we neared the end of Terce it struck me that the monk who hails from Sconnehoven occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 155.
During Sext it transpired that the monk who is 61 years of age is almost certainly Brother Cokaposte.
When it became Nones a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Elyn resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Wilfrid of Ripon.
As the hour turned to Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Maximilian Kolbe lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Theodore Romzha.
As the hour turned to Compline it transpired that Brother Brownyng resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 85.
As the hour turned to Matins it occurred to me that Brother Make occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Leo the Great.
At the hour of Lauds I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Seryk van Busse occupies the cell to the left of Brother Ranulph.


Day CLXXX

As we neared the end of Prime a brother let slip to me that Brother Ducent resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Seraphim of Sarov.
Upon Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope John XXIII lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Segura.
At the hour of Sext I had deduced that the monk who is 89 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 66 years of age.
As we neared the end of Nones it struck me that the monk who hails from Chirbourgh occupies the cell to the left of Brother Godson.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it became clear that Brother Heidem is the monk who hails from Leydon.
During Compline it transpired that Brother Snory occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 18.
When it became Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Nectarios of Aegina resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Burdes.
As the hour turned to Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Leyword is the monk whose patron saint is Ammon.


Day CLXXXI

Upon Prime it became clear that the monk who is 386 years of age is actually the monk who occupies cell 56.
At the hour of Terce a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Blode is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Józef Bilczewski.
At the hour of Sext a brother let slip to me that Brother Idonius lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 82 years of age.
When it became Nones it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Olaf II of Norway is actually the monk who hails from Newfeilde.
During Vespers it became clear that the monk who hails from Humflewe is almost certainly Brother Wibright.
At the hour of Compline it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Lantergia lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 186.
When it became Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Joose lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Seaxburh of Ely.
As we neared the end of Lauds it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 59 is actually the monk who hails from Herentall.


Day CLXXXII

As the hour turned to Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 199 years of age lives in the cell to the right of Brother Lune.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce a brother informed me that Brother Armanno resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is John Rigby.
During Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 3 is the monk who is 326 years of age.
At the hour of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Cunigunde of Luxemburg occupies the cell to the right of Brother Sabeyn.
When it became Vespers it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Segura lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 45.
During Compline it struck me that the monk who hails from Berwe uppon Some resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 26 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Bruggis resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 348.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who occupies cell 328 is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Abban of Magheranoidhe.


Day CLXXXIII

As the hour turned to Prime a brother informed me that Brother Jolyn resides in the cell to the right of Brother Blode.
During Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Jedeworth resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 280.
When it became Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 143 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 22.
As we neared the end of Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Hownflett resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Methodius of Thessaloniki.
As we neared the end of Vespers it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Boniface IV is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 314.
When it became Compline it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Anastasius of Alexandria is without a doubt the monk who is 165 years of age.
As the hour turned to Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 328 years of age is actually Brother Gobel.
At the hour of Lauds it transpired that Brother Ingota is, in fact, the monk who hails from Hownflett.


Day CLXXXIV

Upon Prime it struck me that Brother Abryght resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Syrixse.
When it became Terce I had deduced that the monk who hails from Vyanen occupies the cell to the right of Brother Cristoferus.
During Sext it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Veronica of Milan lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Eustadiola.
At the hour of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Perino occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 71 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers I overheard a muttering that Brother Joose is the monk whose patron saint is Rosalia.
During Compline it occurred to me that Brother Geretrud is without a doubt the monk who is 250 years of age.
Upon Matins it became clear that Brother Artis resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 333.
When it became Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Joseph of Cupertino is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 91.


Day CLXXXV

Upon Prime it transpired that Brother Aloyrd resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 71 years of age.
As we neared the end of Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Gorecom resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 150.
As the hour turned to Sext it occurred to me that Brother Marion occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Gerard Majella.
As the hour turned to Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Elisabeth of Hungary occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Brydge.
As we neared the end of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Theago resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 163 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it struck me that the monk who is 234 years of age resides in the cell to the right of Brother Holandus.
As we neared the end of Matins a brother informed me that Brother Hubord lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Ivo of Kermartin.
During Lauds it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Xenia of Saint Petersburg is the monk who hails from Breckbeck.


Day CLXXXVI

As we neared the end of Prime it struck me that the monk who hails from Barg lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 286.
Upon Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 277 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Elizabeth of Russia.
As the hour turned to Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Methodius of Thessaloniki occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 95 years of age.
Upon Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Harflete is without a doubt the monk who is 48 years of age.
During Vespers it struck me that Brother Colfinus is the monk who is 209 years of age.
As the hour turned to Compline it struck me that the monk who is 194 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Bretha.
As we neared the end of Matins I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Apollonia is the monk who occupies cell 337.
Upon Lauds it became clear that the monk who is 176 years of age is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Pope Felix III.


Day CLXXXVII

When it became Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Saturius of Soria is actually Brother Marynus.
During Terce I had deduced that the monk who hails from Monns resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 230.
During Sext it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Denis of Paris occupies the cell to the left of Brother Wahawyn.
As we neared the end of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 261 is actually the monk who is 278 years of age.
As the hour turned to Vespers a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Canwey is actually the monk who occupies cell 259.
At the hour of Compline it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Gregory II is actually the monk who hails from Barbour.
When it became Matins it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Æthelberht of Kent resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Geldre.
During Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Heahmund lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 343.


Day CLXXXVIII

Upon Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Joseph Marchand resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Dyste.
As the hour turned to Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pierre Borie is actually Brother Rumkyn.
As the hour turned to Sext it became clear that the monk who hails from Dergowe occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Ignatius Loyola.
At the hour of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Bewesyn occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 40 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers I had deduced that the monk who is 184 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 46.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Skluse is almost certainly Brother Lambkyn.
Upon Matins a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Jocen resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Andrew of Crete.
At the hour of Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Lidwina of Schiedam is, in fact, the monk who is 261 years of age.


Day CLXXXIX

Upon Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Sayes is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Peter of Alcantara.
As we neared the end of Terce it struck me that the monk who occupies cell 37 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Wavyr.
As the hour turned to Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 366 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 38.
Upon Nones it occurred to me that Brother Jenan lives in the cell to the left of Brother Tidimann.
When it became Vespers it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Symeon Metaphrastes lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 196.
As we neared the end of Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Modena is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Nicholas of Japan.
As the hour turned to Matins a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Fachanan is without a doubt the monk who hails from Berwe uppon Some.
As the hour turned to Lauds it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Peter Chanel resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Abraham of Smolensk.


Day CXC

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Lebyng is without a doubt the monk who hails from Scravenhage.
When it became Terce it occurred to me that Brother Combe occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 167.
When it became Sext a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Shortogenbusche resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Husedom.
As we neared the end of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Geldre occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 82 years of age.
As we neared the end of Vespers a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Euphrasia Eluvathingal is the monk who is 241 years of age.
As the hour turned to Compline I had deduced that the monk who is 114 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 154 years of age.
During Matins a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Gelert is actually Brother Harald.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Magheleyn is actually the monk who is 150 years of age.


Day CXCI

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Luke the Evangelist is the monk who hails from Parmarene.
As we neared the end of Terce it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Franca Visalta lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 35 years of age.
As we neared the end of Sext I had deduced that the monk who hails from Aspere occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 293.
When it became Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 202 years of age is almost certainly the monk who hails from Dwysborch.
Upon Vespers I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Compenfelde occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 118 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Mountseynt Gertrude occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Witsun.
As the hour turned to Matins it transpired that Brother Teras is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 259.
As the hour turned to Lauds I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 160 is actually the monk whose patron saint is Yaropolk Izyaslavich.


Day CXCII

At the hour of Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Elisabeth of Hungary is the monk who hails from Brusill.
Upon Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Magdalene of Nagasaki is the monk who is 292 years of age.
At the hour of Sext it transpired that the monk who is 153 years of age occupies the cell to the left of Brother Balias.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother informed me that Brother Asbryus occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Thomas More.
When it became Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Amyans diocese lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 25.
When it became Compline it transpired that the monk who is 82 years of age occupies the cell to the left of Brother Mainardus.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it struck me that Brother Conray lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Cyril II.
When it became Lauds I had deduced that the monk who is 116 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 356 years of age.


Day CXCIII

Upon Prime it became clear that the monk who occupies cell 342 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Campe.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it became clear that Brother Isbronde lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Pope Gabriel II.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it occurred to me that the monk who hails from Syrixse lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Nyvile.
As we neared the end of Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Hobbart resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Zita.
As we neared the end of Vespers a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Ranulph is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Thomas of Tolentino.
As we neared the end of Compline it transpired that the monk who hails from Huclone occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 30 years of age.
Upon Matins I overheard a muttering that Brother Make occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 96.
As the hour turned to Lauds I had deduced that Brother Gulam is almost certainly the monk who is 356 years of age.


Day CXCIV

When it became Prime a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Wacot lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Virginia Centurione Bracelli.
As the hour turned to Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Adomnán is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 285.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext it occurred to me that the monk who is 339 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Coupyr.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 227 is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Cedd.
At the hour of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Veronica of Milan occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 351 years of age.
During Compline it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Aidan occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 240 years of age.
Upon Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Hark resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 187 years of age.
When it became Lauds it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Peregrine Laziosi resides in the cell to the left of Brother Dinus.


Day CXCV

During Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Nicholas Pieck occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Westryll.
When it became Terce a brother informed me that Brother Counce resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 275.
As we neared the end of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Dominic de la Calzada resides in the cell to the left of Brother Belyan.
As we neared the end of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Edmund Campion resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Nol diocese.
As the hour turned to Vespers a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Nerlandun lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Dest.
During Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Hobbart occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 101.
Upon Matins a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Dedicke lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Haynesburgh.
As we neared the end of Lauds a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Agatha of Sicily lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 79.


Day CXCVI

As we neared the end of Prime a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Nol diocese occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 78 years of age.
When it became Terce a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Lononia is actually the monk who occupies cell 227.
At the hour of Sext it became clear that the monk who is 393 years of age occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Shortogenbusche.
As we neared the end of Nones I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Bernardo Tolomei occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Jacinta de Jesus Marto.
Upon Vespers it became clear that the monk who is 56 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Tregous.
During Compline I had deduced that the monk who is 163 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Edmund Campion.
As we neared the end of Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Demiana the Great lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Ubald.
As we neared the end of Lauds it struck me that the monk who hails from Bewesyn resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Tholevyn.


Day CXCVII

When it became Prime it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Antoine Daniel lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 247.
When it became Terce it occurred to me that the monk who occupies cell 115 is actually the monk whose patron saint is Columbanus.
As the hour turned to Sext I had deduced that Brother Glawdyn lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 215.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Leyn resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Delfe.
Upon Vespers I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Tydfil is, in fact, the monk who hails from Westryll.
When it became Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Aphrahat lives in the cell to the right of Brother Elyn.
As the hour turned to Matins it struck me that the monk who hails from Colon resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Bernardo Tolomei.
Upon Lauds it transpired that Brother Mirabella resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 49.


Day CXCVIII

As we neared the end of Prime a brother informed me that the monk who is 316 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 68.
Upon Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Blaunche lives in the cell to the left of Brother Counce.
As we neared the end of Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Stenberghen lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 319.
When it became Nones I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 40 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Quintian.
As we neared the end of Vespers I had deduced that the monk who hails from Hownwell occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 77 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Compline I had deduced that the monk who hails from Compenfelde is actually the monk who is 187 years of age.
During Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Vitalian lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Leo the Great.
At the hour of Lauds I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 57 is without a doubt the monk who is 142 years of age.


Day CXCIX

Upon Prime it became clear that the monk who hails from Galyardboyes lives in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Yegor Chekryakovsky.
During Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Brown resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Dietrich Bonhoeffer.
During Sext it was disclosed to me that Brother Elber resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 213.
When it became Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Caronton lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 121 years of age.
At the hour of Vespers it occurred to me that the monk who is 207 years of age is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 48.
During Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who hails from Rosingdale is actually the monk whose patron saint is Neot.
During Matins I had deduced that Brother Heidem lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Haghen.
At the hour of Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Matys lives in the cell to the right of Brother Marion.


Day CC

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Peter of Alcantara resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 101.
As the hour turned to Terce it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 371 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Segura.
As we neared the end of Sext it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Serixse is, in fact, Brother Bonaventur.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 311 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Harlan.
Upon Vespers it transpired that Brother Garott lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 370 years of age.
Upon Compline it became clear that Brother Tidimann is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Vincent Ferrer.
Upon Matins a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Nicholos occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 264.
At the hour of Lauds I had deduced that the monk who hails from Corbye occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 31.


Day CCI

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Herentall occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Constantine the Great.
As we neared the end of Terce it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Thomas of Tolentino is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 8.
During Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Aleemere is almost certainly the monk who is 45 years of age.
Upon Nones it became clear that the monk who hails from Compeyn is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 113.
When it became Vespers it occurred to me that the monk who is 282 years of age is actually the monk who hails from Monns.
As we neared the end of Compline it struck me that the monk who is 136 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 248.
At the hour of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Wahawyn occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Ulme.
Upon Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 375 years of age is almost certainly the monk who hails from Seynt Troy.


Day CCII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 297 is, in fact, the monk who hails from Bollumbek.
As the hour turned to Terce it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Swithun of Winchester occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 187 years of age.
When it became Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Zofia Szydlowiecka resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 80.
At the hour of Nones it struck me that the monk who hails from Durdraght resides in the cell to the right of Brother Nicholaa.
At the hour of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Theophan the Recluse is without a doubt Brother Cristyn.
At the hour of Compline it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Abvyle is actually the monk whose patron saint is Agatha of Sicily.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Fuk is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 231.
During Lauds I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Leander of Seville is actually the monk who occupies cell 321.


Day CCIII

When it became Prime it became clear that Brother Wahawyn is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 270.
At the hour of Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 207 years of age is actually the monk whose patron saint is Editha.
As we neared the end of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 212 years of age is Brother Hernam.
As we neared the end of Nones I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is John Cantius is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 221.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers a brother informed me that the monk who hails from Burdes is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 14.
During Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Charles of Mount Argus occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Valenciennes.
As we neared the end of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Belyan lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 341.
As we neared the end of Lauds it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Martin I resides in the cell to the left of Brother Harald.


Day CCIV

During Prime it became clear that the monk who hails from Werte resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 40.
When it became Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Arris lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 272 years of age.
Upon Sext I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Anne Line resides in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Deepe.
As the hour turned to Nones it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Euphrasia Eluvathingal lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 40 years of age.
Upon Vespers I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Anthony lives in the cell to the left of Brother Colfinus.
At the hour of Compline I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Stephen of Hungary lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Sigeberht of East Anglia.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Hertobusse is almost certainly the monk who is 262 years of age.
Upon Lauds it became clear that Brother Gillemot is the monk who occupies cell 114.


Day CCV

As we neared the end of Prime it transpired that the monk who is 243 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 117 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce I had deduced that the monk whose patron saint is Nilus the Younger occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 223.
As we neared the end of Sext I overheard a muttering that Brother Clemens lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Shortogenbusche.
During Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 249 years of age is almost certainly the monk who hails from Lantergia.
As the hour turned to Vespers I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Naum of Preslav resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Carmardyne.
As we neared the end of Compline it struck me that the monk who hails from Pere occupies the cell to the right of the monk who is 248 years of age.
When it became Matins I had deduced that the monk who is 400 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 320.
During Lauds I had deduced that Brother Tebott is the monk who occupies cell 89.


Day CCVI

Upon Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Leopold Mandić resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Vincent de Paul.
When it became Terce it became clear that the monk whose patron saint is Sophronius of Jerusalem occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Clement of Ohrid.
As the hour turned to Sext it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 304 is the monk who is 228 years of age.
Upon Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 54 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 283.
At the hour of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Euphrosyne of Polatsk is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 38.
As the hour turned to Compline I had deduced that the monk who is 357 years of age is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 242.
As we neared the end of Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk who occupies cell 6 is, in fact, the monk who is 118 years of age.
Upon Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk who occupies cell 228 is actually Brother Aloyrd.


Day CCVII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime I had deduced that the monk who occupies cell 190 is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Xenia the Righteous of Rome.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce it transpired that the monk who is 266 years of age lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 99.
Upon Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 171 is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Peter Chanel.
As the hour turned to Nones it transpired that the monk who is 156 years of age is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Salonius.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who is 140 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Yegor Chekryakovsky.
During Compline it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Albertus Magnus occupies the cell to the left of Brother Lune.
During Matins it struck me that the monk who hails from Canny occupies the cell to the left of Brother Idonia.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Gereon resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 265.


Day CCVIII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it transpired that the monk who hails from Triovile is, in fact, the monk who is 15 years of age.
During Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Peter Claver occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 171.
When it became Sext I had deduced that the monk who hails from Barlore lives in the cell to the right of Brother Fuk.
When it became Nones it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk whose patron saint is Konstantin of Russia is without a doubt the monk who is 385 years of age.
During Vespers a brother let slip to me that Brother Barteram resides in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Raphael of Lesvos.
When it became Compline it became clear that the monk who hails from Galyardboyes resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 42 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Chrysanthus resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 188 years of age.
At the hour of Lauds I had deduced that Brother Abel occupies the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Tatiana of Russia.


Day CCIX

During Prime a brother let slip to me that Brother Garott occupies the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Bollumbek.
At the hour of Terce I overheard a muttering that Brother Isbrande occupies the cell to the right of Brother Gilmote.
As we neared the end of Sext a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 308 is almost certainly the monk who is 52 years of age.
As we neared the end of Nones a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Gregorio Barbarigo lives in the cell to the left of the monk whose patron saint is Gaudentius of Ossero.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Hartalles resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 144 years of age.
Upon Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Parmarene occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 61.
When it became Matins it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Saethryth is without a doubt the monk who hails from Skedeham.
As we neared the end of Lauds a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Balias is without a doubt the monk who hails from Serikee.


Day CCX

As we neared the end of Prime it struck me that Brother Jelet lives in the cell to the right of the monk who is 52 years of age.
As we neared the end of Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that Brother Marynus is actually the monk who occupies cell 282.
At the hour of Sext it was disclosed to me that the monk who hails from Bollumbek lives in the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Dertmond.
As we neared the end of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 302 is without a doubt Brother Tidimann.
When it became Vespers it transpired that the monk whose patron saint is Sophronius of Jerusalem occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Bollumbek.
When it became Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Bernard Due Van Vo resides in the cell to the right of the monk who is 357 years of age.
When it became Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Barbatus of Benevento resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 13.
When it became Lauds a brother informed me that the monk whose patron saint is Thomas More lives in the cell to the right of Brother Gerbrand.


Day CCXI

When it became Prime it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Willehad of Bremen is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 100.
At the hour of Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Sundurt occupies the cell to the left of Brother Hernest.
Upon Sext a brother informed me that Brother Christianne occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 165.
When it became Nones I had deduced that the monk who hails from Ivetot occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 263.
As the hour turned to Vespers it transpired that the monk who hails from Crucehowetam resides in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Feckam.
At the hour of Compline it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 336 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 91 years of age.
As we neared the end of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Kymperley occupies the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 340.
As we neared the end of Lauds it became clear that the monk who is 24 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 298.


Day CCXII

When it became Prime it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Cyriacus the Anchorite is almost certainly Brother Gisbright.
As the hour turned to Terce a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Vincent Ferrer lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 303.
Upon Sext it became clear that the monk who occupies cell 141 is the monk whose patron saint is Gemma Galgani.
As the hour turned to Nones it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Hilarius is actually the monk who is 211 years of age.
During Vespers I came across a piece of parchment indicating that Brother Tancarens is almost certainly the monk who is 143 years of age.
During Compline it transpired that the monk who hails from Lesewe is actually the monk who occupies cell 224.
As we neared the end of Matins it transpired that the monk who is 358 years of age occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 319 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Lauds it occurred to me that Brother Perkyn is actually the monk who is 126 years of age.


Day CCXIII

While the bells marked the beginning of Prime it became clear that the monk who hails from Teyn lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 163.
As we neared the end of Terce I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Weort is almost certainly Brother Edith.
When it became Sext it struck me that the monk whose patron saint is Hedwig of Andechs lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 210.
During Nones I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Hertobusse resides in the cell to the left of the monk who is 320 years of age.
During Vespers a brother let slip to me that Brother Dinus resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 136.
As we neared the end of Compline a certain monk confessed to me that Brother Severell is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 158.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it became clear that the monk who is 67 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who hails from Conduke.
Upon Lauds it was disclosed to me that the monk who is 201 years of age is, in fact, the monk whose patron saint is Joseph Marchand.


Day CCXIV

As we neared the end of Prime it occurred to me that the monk who occupies cell 108 is actually Brother Egbardus.
At the hour of Terce it struck me that the monk who is 356 years of age is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 170.
As the hour turned to Sext it struck me that Brother Croft is actually the monk whose patron saint is Dominic de Guzman.
During Nones it occurred to me that Brother Olffe lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 344.
As we neared the end of Vespers a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Emma of Ludger occupies the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Gall.
As the hour turned to Compline a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Wenceslaus resides in the cell to the right of the monk whose patron saint is Caesarius of Arles.
Upon Matins a brother let slip to me that the monk who is 276 years of age is actually the monk who occupies cell 129.
As we neared the end of Lauds it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who hails from Coleyn resides in the cell to the right of Brother Tegi.


Day CCXV

When it became Prime a brother let slip to me that Brother Jacok is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 298.
Upon Terce it was disclosed to me that Brother Brother occupies the cell to the right of Brother Gyon.
During Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who occupies cell 207 is almost certainly Brother Condricus.
During Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who occupies cell 109 is without a doubt the monk whose patron saint is Margaret the Barefooted.
When it became Vespers it occurred to me that Brother Croft occupies the cell to the right of Brother Garott.
When it became Compline I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who hails from Breckbeck occupies the cell to the right of Brother Dennis.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk whose patron saint is Eustace of Luxeuil lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 73.
As we neared the end of Lauds it became clear that the monk who is 166 years of age is the monk who hails from Boell.


Day CCXVI

As the hour turned to Prime a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Ipcacolga lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 160 years of age.
As the hour turned to Terce it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 336 years of age lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 345.
As we neared the end of Sext it occurred to me that Brother Abel resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 350.
While the bells marked the beginning of Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk who hails from Callomen lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 58.
At the hour of Vespers a brother let slip to me that Brother Izambarde is the monk who occupies cell 233.
As the hour turned to Compline a brother informed me that the monk who occupies cell 194 is without a doubt the monk who hails from Midelburgh.
As we neared the end of Matins it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Anianus resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 28.
Upon Lauds it became clear that Brother Combe is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 168.


Day CCXVII

As the hour turned to Prime a certain monk confessed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Helena of Constantinople is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 307.
At the hour of Terce it struck me that the monk who hails from Chirbourgh lives in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 151.
At the hour of Sext it struck me that the monk who is 93 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 273.
During Nones it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 117 is actually the monk who hails from Mastryght.
As we neared the end of Vespers it struck me that Brother Goodleff occupies the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 137.
Upon Compline a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is Ignatius of Laconi lives in the cell to the right of Brother Cristiano.
While the bells marked the beginning of Matins it struck me that the monk who hails from Awnell resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 305.
Upon Lauds it occurred to me that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Simplicius is Brother Helgy.


Day CCXVIII

At the hour of Prime it became clear that the monk who is 311 years of age is without a doubt the monk who occupies cell 175.
While the bells marked the beginning of Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who hails from Briges occupies the cell to the right of the monk who hails from Hensbrighe.
While the bells marked the beginning of Sext a certain monk confessed to me that the monk who is 184 years of age is, in fact, the monk who occupies cell 47.
When it became Nones a brother let slip to me that the monk whose patron saint is George Preca occupies the cell to the left of the monk who is 359 years of age.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it was disclosed to me that the monk whose patron saint is Vicelinus is Brother Combe.
During Compline it became clear that the monk who hails from Breya lives in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 105.
As the hour turned to Matins I came across a piece of parchment indicating that the monk who occupies cell 145 is almost certainly the monk whose patron saint is Albertus Magnus.
During Lauds I overheard a muttering that the monk whose patron saint is Pope Symmachus lives in the cell to the left of the monk who is 256 years of age.


Day CCXIX

At the hour of Prime it became clear that the monk who occupies cell 182 is, in fact, Brother Fyre.
During Terce I overheard a muttering that the monk who is 61 years of age is almost certainly the monk who occupies cell 7.
At the hour of Sext it transpired that the monk who occupies cell 71 is Brother Ariankyn.
As we neared the end of Nones it occurred to me that the monk who is 316 years of age resides in the cell to the right of the monk who occupies cell 66.
While the bells marked the beginning of Vespers it was revealed to me in a vision that the monk who is 277 years of age resides in the cell to the left of the monk who occupies cell 241.

Upon learning this crucial fact, it all became clear to me: I had determined the identity of the abbot's murderer.
